======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 of their own companies in order to recoup their investment. That’s not a good investment. That’s an investment that is having a hard time,? said Kahan. “And that’s one reason why we need to ensure fair access to the courts, as well as access to capital markets. And that can’t be taken away from them. ? Trump’s other controversial decree is the rewriting of labor standards. One of the key provisions of the executive order is that any executive branch agency charged with enforcement of any rule "must issue memorandums of orders directing that agencies implement and subject to the provisions of [the Act]. As discussed in greater detail in a blog post on Tuesday, there are two categories of memos: Those intended to be used in conjunction with the legislative branch agenda and those meant for the enforcement of   orders. According to the memo, those orders can only be issued in conjunction with a legislative agenda that makes the target law unconstitutional. It’s unlikely that Trump will be initiating any such memos as the executive one does require Senate approval. Instead, he will be issuing directives, likely in conjunction with lawmakers and aides. Trump has a long record of issuing executive orders that are   legally but just have some cosmetic changes. It is possible, and likely, that Trump will be issuing directives that have broad,   effects such as temporarily barring Syrian refugees and people from four additional countries from entering the United States to halt the resettlement of refugees globally. And it’s possible, and potentially dangerous, that he’s issuing directives with broad,   effects by requiring agencies to develop policies to deal with disputes related to the deportation of illegal immigrants. In addition, the executive order orders the Department of Homeland Security to “submit a plan to permanently remove all nonimmigrant international travelers from the United States. ? That department has not yet responded with the orders. It’s also possible that Trump will simply issue directives that are more broad since he has taken office. That would violate the Administrative Procedures for the Immigration Appeals Act, which limits the executive branch’s ability to issue directives that are intended only to have a temporary,   effect. Trump’s directive, which also suspends the admission of any refugees and prohibits Syrian refugees indefinitely, may make the executive order more likely to succeed. Trump’s directive also makes it very difficult for   “out of control? countries like Egypt and Jordan to accept refugees and immigrants from ISIS, including those with dual nationality or those whose citizenship has been revoked. “There can be no one. ?"""<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Headline:The U.S. Military Will Soon Accept Payrolls From Foreign Leaders
----------
Content:"The Pentagon’s top military official told reporters Wednesday that he expected the change to the existing policy to be announced soon. White House press secretary Sean Spicer said in a Twitter video that President Trump has asked the military to begin sending “new ideas? to foreign countries —  meaning American forces or diplomats —  which, presumably, would mean more people would come to Washington from abroad. But a Pentagon spokesman told reporters Thursday that these talks were “premature. Not to be taken to   . The Department and the Department of Defense have meetings at this time discussing how the president expects people to come to the United States when he is not here. ? And it’s not clear whether the Americans involved in the talks are Trump himself. The American military has struggled to find an answer to what does or doesn’t matter, and the Pentagon is still struggling to provide an answer about the way U. S. forces will be paid. That’s why Defense Secretary James Mattis spoke out against open military recruitment in Syria amid reports that some United States military officials were paid tens of thousands of dollars of pay in the past six months. Last Friday, Trump’s National Security Adviser Michael Flynn faced a   probe —  that the Department of Justice is now reportedly investigating Trump’s ties to the Russian state —  after it was alleged that he worked as a paid advisor to Ukraine while in the Trump campaign. In his Washington Post column on Wednesday, Michael S. Schmidt wrote that the   structure of the Trump transition team was a “direct reflection? of the current commander in chief. And that is where things get tricky."<|endoftext|>
<|endoftext|>Headline:The Atlantic  Politics & Policy Daily: Ivanka Trump’s   Summit
----------
Content:"The White House sent out an unusual picture yesterday of Ivanka, the president’s daughter and   of her husband Jared Kushner’s meeting with Italian Prime Minister Paolo Gentiloni. In an unusually brief, uncharacteristically warm exchange in the Oval Office, Ivanka seemed genuinely shocked and saddened at the news. “Morning Joe? “It’
