======== SAMPLE 1 ========
ability. The report noted that it did not take into account a    tax  on foreign profits overseas that the new Trump administration wants to repeal or replace. It also said that under former Republican President Barack Obama, the corporate tax rate had been lowered by more than 25 percent from the previous peak of 39. 6 percent to 21 percent. That means the new tax is not nearly on the   or low income level that currently occurs with a 20 percent corporate tax rate, according to the IRS. In other words, the top rate is actually more than double the current tax rate and has risen more than 25 percent in the last 35 years, compared to the average since 1970. This means that in a way, it is quite good news for the American worker. There is still a lot of tax and penalty relief for workers and large businesses, but the gap has been narrowing at least for the recent past. In the past year, lawmakers have been debating the final details of the corporate tax cut  - the details and rates - but the main issue has been the middle class and the poor. Republicans have vowed to cut taxes on higher income and middle class families and have backed the idea of a corporate plan to reduce taxes for larger businesses while also lowering revenue for the rest of the economy. “We can get the middle class off the   cliff by simplifying the tax code and simplifying the tax code for many middle class taxpayers, but a big increase in the corporate tax rate to 19 percent hurts middle class taxpayers,? said Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell. “They are disproportionately hurt. ? The new taxes already would hit the middle class to   or higher incomes, as in many of many other areas that were the focus of the tax cuts, and increase spending costs for the poor. In a paper in 2015 by the Center for American Progress, the Institute for Policy Studies found that the corporate tax rate was on average 9 percent higher than the same business income rate. In 2014, the center estimated the corporate tax rate would be 19 percent higher for the corporate economy than the same business income rate. The Center’s conclusion was that the new tax and a repeal of the corporate income tax would raise revenues by $3 and raise the economy by 2. 2 percent, which was close to the   average gross domestic product growth rate, or G. B. P. Growth Index. Those differences are very significant. There is also a special thanksgiving holiday in 2017 and a new year’s debt limit, and the next president will have to fill out an individual tax code before Jan. 20 that lowers rates. It also seems unlikely that the corporate rate would move lower.  The current corporate tax rate has been cut far more than the proposed corporate rate but the   corporate tax rate is not going anywhere. Tax rates have already risen more than 20 percent over the    decade. “Our economy is better positioned and smarter than ever to capture and minimize both benefits and costs arising from the corporate and corporate income tax reform,? said Thomas Burdette, a professor at the Wharton School at the University of Pennsylvania who was an economist under Ronald Reagan and Barack Obama and is now a senior fellow at the Center for a New American Security. The tax cuts that Trump and congressional Republicans have sought could have negative consequences for American workers. Since the 1990s, the share of workers who reported significant income changes, including real wages declines and real estate value losses, decreased nearly 20 percent. In 2007, wages rose by more than 40 percent and the rate of productivity growth more than 30 percent. Many economists say this is due to the rise in the share of jobs that are highly automated. But recent decades have shown that many aspects of tax law and the economy go back many decades. They include income taxes, estate taxes and the fact that the government holds the right of first refusal for certain jobs. In 1995 there was a    minimum wage law, and in 1996, Congress abolished this minimum wage. The trend has continued in recent decades and now there is a national debate about whether minimum wages really do affect productivity growth. The new Trump proposals will add to the tax burden for some middle class workers, but they would also raise revenue for them by about 20 percent. The Center for American Progress believes that the corporate income tax should fall in the middle class, as it has before, while lowering rates for the rest of the economy. The nonpartisan Tax Policy Center says that    of taxpayers, or more than 90 percent of all taxpayers   of the federal budget in the United States, live in the lower half of the income distribution and are not taxed. It says middle income taxpayers are more than 90 percent of the ­  and its middle income group is most impacted by the corporate income tax cut. And for some of the most progressive parts of the corporate tax code  —   especially the code that is used to pay on capital expenditures—   there are fewer effective deductions available for high income earners to pay on those costs than for higher income taxpayers
