======== SAMPLE 1 ========
s that, at the other end, and that means that these are not going to be the only options we’re going to have. ? This makes the question of how to deal with the problems of immigration policy particularly complicated. For years, Obama and his administration have emphasized legal immigration as a way for the government to expand, improve, and otherwise address the lives of   and   workers. So when Trump says that both   and   “have gone back in time to remember the immigrants who came before us,? what he’s really saying is that’s immigration for legal immigrants and those who already paid taxes have already endured those changes. So what? This is pure political theater. The point is that “the plan for immigration reform? itself doesn’t seem likely to change that fundamentally. In fact, there aren’t any plans to alter the immigration laws at all —  either on the left or the right. The White House even released a memo, issued by an immigration law professor, that says that “lawyers are already arguing that the Obama administration didn’t quite pass the bar on political animus toward immigrants. ? But it’s the Trump administration, and legal immigration is certainly by and large an issue for them to care about, even if their arguments are, in the words of the Obama administration, “no more than a political litmus test. ? And that debate is only going to get more complicated as the legislative and legal details of the president’s policies become clearer. The way that Trump is approaching immigration policy is very different from the Obama administration’s approach —  and that’s exactly what the Obama White House’s immigration law ended up doing, too."<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Headline:What Will Happen to Dreamers if DACA’s Repeal Goes Away?
----------
Content:"This is an interesting quandary because it seems to imply that a group of people who would probably apply for DACA “have? to be protected from deportation already —  rather than suggesting that those applications actually have protections already granted to them by Congress.  As in, after the Obama administration used its program to grant a program to 800, 000 undocumented immigrants, then President Trump would face a very different set of circumstances if he were to rescind the program. In this sense, the program itself is an example of a potential immunity for Republicans if Trump is indeed trying to move on from the issue.     The program itself is not created by the president himself. It is a Department of Homeland Security program that would actually be protected by citizenship, not its executive authority. Congress has created the DHS’s own immigration enforcement fund as a mechanism to fund the issuance of visas and other forms of identification cards that are intended to be issued by   applicants. It has explicitly exempted   applicants who would otherwise be entitled to any form of protection from deportation, such as   holders. To circumvent this provision, the Trump administration has said that it is considering adding other exemptions —  allowing, for example,   holders already eligible for deferred deportations under past DHS guidelines to apply for those visas. The administration could, theoretically, reverse the policy in future and stop issuing the visas entirely. In theory, this is straightforward. The Trump administration could revoke the visas —  which would stop any government attempt to hold it from being issued —  but would then stop issuing new ones. At the same time, however, it could reverse the program in future by issuing new visas on a quarterly basis —  an extremely small change, particularly if the Obama administration did not halt issuing visas altogether, which would require congressional approval. To take one example, the administration could in principle issue the statutorily required number of visas per quarter —  meaning that, for most other reasons, the Trump administration would likely halt issuing visas altogether, and would not restart issuing visas in the next 4th quarter, for example. To make such a decision would take a little more than just a case study of immigration law, and would likely present some challenges to the kinds of approaches that have so far been taken by DHS. But it nonetheless suggests something important: that the Trump administration might not be able to reverse the Obama administration’s decision to halt the program entirely. DHS’s decision to halt the annual issuance of visas by   applicants illustrates just how this could be —  and just how much the Trump administration is moving in the direction of taking policy away from the policies of the past. Back in 2014, when I was covering the immigration debate for my journal Migration Policy, I pointed out that the Obama administration’s decision to halt the program had a chilling effect that was hard to undo. Many in Congress argued then that Obama’s decision to halt issuance of visas by   applicants had violated the concept of due process as set out in Bridget Anne Hobart’s seminal
