======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 instrumental, and that there will be no further   over the course of our union and the constitution. ? Trump and the Republicans are in full control of the White House and Congress: Now it’s unclear how they will manage the nation’s   —  or how Trump will balance that power. For now, both the Trump administration and the Republican Party in Congress are determined to do exactly what they are planning for. “They’ll never admit that the president was wrong, and they’re not going to be the most transparent party,? John Cornyn, the Republican congressman from Texas, told me last week. He was asked whether there would be any further negotiations for a trade agreement, which is already in place between the Mexican government and a number of other countries, while Obama has signed his legacy agenda. “There’s no reason for anyone to be naive the only thing everyone can do is to be a complete liar about one thing and be unwilling to back up anything they said,? he said. “If there are going to be a full list of everything they can do, what they can do is make another trade deal with them. ‘We’re going to open things up for negotiation? —   and that’s what’s coming now. Now all you have to do is go along with the other. ‘Let’s have a great trade deal’ —   and then you just get to take back the rights you got from that deal. They did it with the Obama administration before —   this kind of negotiation with them now, with Republican trade policy, is what they plan. It’s just taking off the middleman, taking off the middleman. It’s just a negotiation. The thing that Trump really wants is to be able to say he built the border with Mexico, built the border, and that the country was the source of the trade. That would be a really nice thing, because you can say that it’s going to be a border wall, and they can say it’s made without having to go to Mexico. For them, it’s going to be good for trade. So, they’m very willing to sell to us because they are desperate to get to trade. We know it. In order for them to get their trade deal that’s a huge priority for the United States, then they’ll work the deal together and they’re going to need us."<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Headline:Why Trump’s Budget Moves the Left’s Way
----------
Content:"In March, Trump announced a plan for $1 trillion in   over the next decade (that would be the same figure he used to justify his infamous 2008 tax plan, but without the spending and a deficit) and the budget outline looks like a   version to me: a large infrastructure plan with tax breaks for companies and individuals and large programs for low and moderate   families. Trump’s   plans for 2017 have not been released (even though he claimed, "I don’t plan to be a big person?). This isn’t surprising because he’s not a fiscal hawk and doesn’t plan for anything that would put him in violation of his campaign promises, which he repeatedly made as soon as he took office on the promise to build his own wall. So how might he pay for infrastructure and tax cuts? The budget and tax code do not come easily to the president. So what is a better idea   budget is a way to deliver to people what he has promised but which will likely be an even more important part of his legacy. The proposal on net would increase the domestic deficit by $1 trillion, which would be a huge contribution to reducing the deficit during his administration. This is a budget that would allow the Trump administration to pay for the wall, a border wall, or both. I like the idea of tax incentives for both. Trump has promised to renegotiate our trade deals and renegotiate our North American Free Trade Agreement, which he did on his campaign, and I’m glad he did it because it’s an incentive for the other countries to stay in the free zone and to put up the barriers. The problem with the first option is that if we do it along the edges —  that makes a mockery of the whole plan. The second option is the   choice. If we do it along the border, we will keep our deficits big and make sure that we meet that deficit. I’m against the idea —  there should be border tax, which will either fund the wall or pay for the wall. And the third alternative,   or   is another question. We have put together an   proposal, and it’s not really in the national interest to pay for the wall
