======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 Mr, Comey, and the director of national intelligence, Mr. Risen also declined to comment before the House Judiciary Committee  —   an unusual showing of cooperation between the two committees. The committee had been told by the F. B. I. of the Senate’s discovery of a new,   document that could shed light on Mr. Trump’s ties to Russia. If the Senate does not confirm Mr. Comey’s replacement, Mr. Trump could ask the Trump administration to make it so in return. A White House official said Friday’s testimony on a condition of anonymity denied a request to provide the information before the committee. Another official said Mr. Comey had provided the information to the committee only after the Senate Judiciary Committee had already spoken to a witness in closed session to provide information that did not materially affect the president’s conversations with Mr. Trump. The Senate Intelligence Committee is scheduled to review the material this week. James B. Comey Jr. the F. B. I. director, said on “Face the Nation? program Friday that he was comfortable giving his report to lawmakers, but not to public television viewers. “I would suggest that we ought to have an opportunity to review it when we hand it over to our intelligence and law enforcement partners, so we can take it out of sight behind the curtain,? he said for the first public hearing of the panel. The F. B. I. director, James B. Comey, has said that he met on Thursday to brief the Justice Department on an investigation into Russian election interference and not about Mr. Trump’s ties to Russia. It is not clear whether that explanation accounts for the public response so far from the F. B. I. In response to revelations about Mr. Trump’s contact with Russian officials, the director of the National Security Agency, John Mc Trumka, told reporters on Capitol Hill on Friday that he was not concerned. “I assume Mr. Trump thinks that we should have the opportunity to review that material but I don’t have a comment on it,? Mr. Trumka said, adding that “we haven’t seen it. ? The   White House official said Mr. Comey’s testimony played no role in the president’s decision to inform Congress of his inquiry on Friday. The official who briefed the president and his officials said that Mr. Trump was not aware that Mr. Comey’s statement constituted a formal request to Congress. The current administration official said there was no coordination between the White House and the Justice Department regarding Mr. Trump’s conversations, although he would not share information about the Russia inquiry because he is an adversary of the president and the Kremlin isn’t taking anything seriously. The United States Intelligence Community, which gathers intelligence and shared information about Russia, has considered Mr. Trump to be its target today, two American intelligence officials said last week. One military official, speaking on the condition of anonymity to speak candidly, said Mr. Flynn’s interactions were troubling because he shared the Trump team’s view that the president had been too aggressive toward Russia. That view may not reflect the views of all senior members of the Trump administration. A number of administration and Republican congressional sources described discussions in recent weeks between Mr. Trump and a handful of Russians whose names were masked, including a Russian banker and several   business executives. Some said the two discussions centered on a phone call in February between the Russian envoy and the   representative of a major Kremlin donor. At the time, the envoy was in New York and spoke to the Russian leader. Republicans who were on Capitol Hill to discuss the investigation have said different things, but their accounts are consistent. Until Mr. Trump met with Mr. Putin as an   in the United States this week, they said they had seen no evidence of collusion between the Trump campaign and Russia’s interference in the presidential election. “It’s odd there is some kind of    that they’re talking about now,? Representative Devin Nunes of California, the committee’s chairman, told reporters Friday. “It is really a little bit puzzling to me why that would be included in the same breath as what we’re doing in connection with the House investigation. ? The F. B. I. director, James B. Comey, and Mr. McFarland have told the Senate they have no information that Russia sought to influence the election. But Mr. Comey has told the House he is investigating “Russian activity in the election?  —   or the Russian hacking of Democratic emails  —   and has said the F. B. I. will report any Russian activity or meddling to Congress. Mr. Comey’s public testimony before the committee on Thursday was first reported by The New York Times. Sean Spicer, the White House press secretary, told reporters at the briefing room that Mr. Trump spoke to Mr
