======== SAMPLE 1 ========
. And it was great," she said. There were no other movies out there. She couldn’t get any more  . Then one afternoon in the library, she found the article she wanted. She read the whole thing. And found her own way to the library, with a friend. My first hour with the library was like my first novel, the first book I ever read. As always, the movie comes after the  . At the end of her first chapter, when she realized she had no place else to go, she went back to her hotel hotel.  And I was there at the end of my own book. Now I just sit there, watching the book.  I am a little disappointed. I am like the little girl, in the library, watching the world go by, and I realized I was in my own world, and this was my world. This was my library: the world that had all I’d thought, and then all I knew, and no one else knew, the things I didn’t know, about the people I didn’t know. We walked to the place to check things out. We waited. We made sure we didn’t miss anything. In retrospect, I do regret this a lot, and regretting things. But the experience of going to the library —  and we thought to ask the question of the world. You’re a writer, right? You get to this place, the people are waiting for you to be done, like a movie, about an unknown person. The person wants some information, but not all of it they want to find or to meet."<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Headline:"‘We Need a Budget’: The Obama’s Fiscal Year, Presented to Obama, "
----------
Content:"In a July 4 address on the subject, President Obama gave an implicit message of fiscal restraint. He began his speech with an invocation of the   “if we talk about this often enough we can run our country,? the president said. “But we need money. We need money with the   of the people. ?  (He also reminded Obama that he’s still president, a man who hasn’t yet fully stopped complaining about the Obama budget. “He can call me any name you like,? Obama said Obama said, before reminding Americans that “we have a new president, we have a new budget, and we’re not in charge of this. ?) For Obama, it was a lesson in the   and   American   economy that he’d been practicing. Although the American economy’s fiscal woes were more complicated to watch than its   troubles, they remained one central element in Obama’s political success over his two terms. Obama has been an   president, and his budget request came at a convenient time that would have delivered on numerous of the Obama economic themes he’d promised, like a return to     rates. His performance to date has been uncharacteristically good. He tried, with some success, to persuade Republican lawmakers that he could negotiate on the deficit and still raise $3 trillion for Medicare, without, as Simpson said, “the kind of stimulus package that we used to see in the last couple of years. ? The most memorable part of the speech was his assertion that the United States must rely on technology to help the millions of unemployed. A nation such as Germany (where   employment has risen faster than America and been more equitable than the U. S.) or Japan were already struggling to find skilled labor. But a country like America could benefit from the technological advances that the U. S. has now. It was clear that Obama was trying to show more restraint. But it’s also clear that his budget plan took priority over his immigration policy. His proposals to help unemployed families would get priority, and he promised to raise taxes on imports. The Obama administration, in short, did not want more      fiscal stimulus. Instead, Obama’s strategy was to try to nudge the administration into accepting a budget that was more revenue neutral. It worked, somewhat surprisingly, well enough to pass. Still, some of Obama’s most important policies he announced would not bear fruit, such as his plan to increase retirement incomes for most Americans, or to lower income taxes on   families. The budget would be more   than the Bush one, for example, raising rates to the median household income but reducing tax revenues for the middle class. The proposed Obama budget included a big tax cut, but even a simple $1 tax cut would have made the economy better for most workers. “He [Obama] wanted, as he promised, to take, as he promised, more   jobs from the    people,? Simpson said. And Obama really did
