======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 make him as president. It would be hard for anyone to go against the words that he said. The only thing that could stop him is the media, which is just a part of the establishment he’s created.  It’s also possible that Trump’s opponents can get to him over time, in the courts, Congress or at his campaign headquarters in New York. The point is to get him elected, and that is only possible because a lot of ordinary Democrats, who are in the majority, may not do it."<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Headline:A Step toward Trump-style populism
----------
Content:"When I first came to Washington, it was more like an    job, with a little help from the National Economic Council. At the end of my   career at the University of Washington, I was the leader of the school’s Center for American Studies, or   , which I worked with under the Bush administration, but as a graduate student in 1992, I found it a little odd that they had a lot to do with a group of people who were known as the “elite,? or the more liberal term for “the other side. ? If you work for a major research organization and you have to work on a lot of things, you might have to be doing them on your own. I have an undergraduate bachelor of arts degree in comparative politics and international relations. For many of the issues that I addressed in this book, I was the senior policy advisor or vice president who I served under. You need to build the foundation, get a lot of contacts and, most importantly, get the   in Washington, New York, Chicago and Los Angeles. These people were more likely to be in their early 30s, in the middle to late 20s, and you need to be able to develop them. I remember a time in the early 1980s when I was in a different period of my career. One of the students in the   group was named James Ebert, who had recently graduated from U. C. Berkeley and went to work for the Reagan administration. His father, the director of Reagan’s Office of National Security Policy, was his colleague Earl Howe who had been an Army Ranger. Both men were extremely dedicated to Washington, and I knew one of the first graduates of the University of Washington’s Center for American Studies. This particular group, with all their    background, could not quite get off to the races. (They could go on to become famous.) Because they were considered insiders, they weren’t always in that minority, of course, but many attended the university’s Center for American Studies in Washington, the city that hosted the campus during my time at the U. C. Washington campus. The   had to work to get off the stage because the institution was no longer what it appears to be  —  and, in any case, an important part of the government of the state. As I worked for the University’s Center for American Studies in Washington, I read the Washington Post and The New York Daily News. I was fascinated by political polarization and the desire to get rid of the other side. You get a sense that the   and elite universities need to create a better atmosphere in which their students are encouraged to do things and say things about how they feel. The   I brought to Washington was a group that had not been organized. It wasn’t organized in 2000, it wasn’t organized enough to get people to attend. The University’s Center for American Studies was on campus but the president, a guy named George Mitchell, had a bigger job at the time. His job was to have the school’s student group create a successful event. I didn’t write the event. I wasn’t there, I don’t believe the students were in this book. But I felt this was my responsibility. The event had always been about two students speaking in front of a room of their own. That’s the    model. (For those who have already grown up in the United States, it might be a better model to show them how they fit in.) The U. S. has a tradition of sending students, and faculty, to the country, so they can learn politics, policy and art, and then live in the country, while getting to graduate in the country. It should be a different experience. What is the University of Washington doing to build a more welcoming environment where people feel comfortable to express their thoughts? At the University of Washington, the atmosphere is about what I would call a “  learning environment,? where people feel comfortable to talk about political issues and be exposed to opinions that may be disagreeable. What’s interesting about the building of a more tolerant and respectful environment is that my students did not make their own events.
