======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 do it. But I’m not sure if I’m authorised to say that. ? The precise nature of K2, and the extent to which the drug has been used here, remain to be seen. The Drug Enforcement Agency (DEA) classifies the drug as a Schedule 1 substance, meaning it is illegal in the UK and taxed accordingly. However, specific dealers have long been able to use legal highs, legally sourced K2, without a licence. The majority of distributors, Fred Jones, owner of a shop near to the original store, believes his business will eventually be forced to shut. “We’re trying to sell as much as we can, and then there’s a little bit of guilt for people who have been   …     We have no idea what the future holds. We’ve seen what happens if you’re not careful. ? Jones said he hoped that the poorly performing business would find a new lease of life. However, his optimism was tempered by his knowledge that the DEA had granted him a   licence to distribute, and that shutting the business would reduce the chances of the DEA controlling demand. With this in mind, Jones contacted Stan Concern, a chemist whose work he was currently pursuing, to ascertain if he had any recommendations on how to approach the task at hand. The DEA has assured him that he has the necessary legal backing to continue pursuing his research. Additional reporting contributed to this article.  Contents  An earlier version of this story was quoted incorrectly. Correct information has been sent to the author."<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Headline:"Fidel Castro, Cuba’s revolutionary leader, dies aged 90"
----------
Content:"Cuba has declared nine days of national mourning to mark the death of Fidel Castro, whose demise at the age of 90 has prompted emotional scenes in Havana and Miami, tributes and reflections from world leaders, and ushered the island into an uncertain era. The US president, Barack Obama, offered his condolences and said the thoughts and prayers of the US were with the Cuban people. “We know that this moment fills Cubans  —   in Cuba and in the United States  —   with powerful emotions, recalling the countless ways in which Fidel Castro altered the course of individual lives, families, and of the Cuban nation,? he said. “History will record and judge the enormous impact of this singular figure on the people and world around him. ? He urged Cubans to remember that they had “a friend and partner in the United States of America?. The US   Donald Trump, referred to Castro as a “brutal dictator? who had oppressed his people for nearly six decades. “Fidel Castro’s legacy is one of firing squads, theft, unimaginable suffering, poverty and the denial of fundamental human rights,? he said. “While Cuba remains a totalitarian island, it is my hope that today marks a move away from the horrors endured for too long, and toward a future in which the wonderful Cuban people finally live in the freedom they so richly deserve. ? The contrasting language from Obama and his successor suggests Trump may take a less conciliatory line on the US’s recently renewed relationship with its smaller neighbour, a relationship already seen as one of the main legacies of Obama’s presidency.  Castro, one of the world’s   and most controversial leaders, survived countless US assassination attempts and premature obituaries, but in the end proved mortal and died late on Friday night after a long battle with illness. Given the former president’s age and health problems, the announcement of his death had long been expected. But when it came it was still a shock: the comandante  —   a figurehead for armed struggle across the developing world  —   was no more. It was news that friends and foes had long dreaded and yearned for respectively. Castro’s younger brother, Raúl, who assumed the presidency of Cuba in 2006 after Fidel suffered a   intestinal ailment, announced the revolutionary leader’s death on television on Friday night. “With profound sadness I am appearing to inform our people and our friends across [Latin] America and the world that today, 25 November 2016, at 10. 29pm, Fidel Castro, the    of the Cuban revolution, died,? he said. “In accordance with his wishes, his remains will be cremated. ? Raúl Castro concluded his address with the famous revolutionary slogan: “Ever onwards to victory!? On Saturday, the Cuban government announced Castro’s ashes would be interred at the Santa Ifigenia cemetery in Santiago de Cuba on 4 December. The cemetery is the resting place of   Cuban independence hero José Martí and numerous other leading figures in the country’s torrid history. His death saw a raft of tributes from world
