======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 after a lengthy hearing he gave more time for the government to give some background information to the Senate Foreign Relations Committee. He said he will give more information to the panel to the end of the week. The hearing before the committee, held in February, heard testimony from former U.S. officials, former U.S. officials and former U.S. officials about Saudi Arabia s involvement in financing terrorism and backing terrorist groups at the expense of the United States and the United Arab Emirates. Those who testified for the committee asked questions and pointed questions at those who testified in February, while those who testified before Congress in response to the same question were largely silent.  There was a sense that there was a lot of the same questions asked to the U.S. government in February and there were some of the same witnesses that were expected to testify again in April.  One person I recall specifically was former FBI director Comey, who is serving an independent review of the relationship with the president. He sat and listened intently during his questioning. It s really very special because that s how the former FBI director conducts himself, the way he puts the story together, and to hear him tell the truth in his testimony is to be considered his best intelligence officer or his best career intelligence officer.   But what I can tell you is it was absolutely a close, very thorough and substantive discussion. It was his best intelligence officer conduct.  Comey told lawmakers in January that there had been conversations with two former Trump presidential campaign advisers about how they might offer him the job of U.S. attorney general of the country so long as he was leading the investigation into Russian meddling in the 2016 election.    Comey said there were a number of conversations that he described as  serious but informal.  In those conversations, the former campaign adviser shared with me that an important place where we could confer was in the Oval Office. They talked about some positions that he would like to have held,  Comey wrote in a book of Comey testimony.   That did not happen,  he wrote.  I knew that he was thinking that this meeting would ultimately go to that place.   It is not clear whether the group was referring to a phone call with the former campaign associates before or after Comey announced last month that he had closed that deal. Comey told Congress on Jan. 9 that Trump told him he would be willing to let former FBI director James Comey lead the Clinton investigation, saying:  I know the way you are going to have a good relationship, but we do not have that kind of history here.       It is still too early to find out if either of those activities took place.  Comey testified that during a March phone call, Trump told him, at the suggestion of former U.S. intelligence officials:  I might be able to get some things done for him.  Comey was then the FBI director leading Russia s investigation into possible collusion between the Trump campaign and Moscow, but Trump fired him in May. ",<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Headline:Senate Republicans urge investigation over Trump campaign fundraising
Content: "(Reuters) - Senate Republicans introduced a resolution urging special counsel to investigate whether members of Donald Trump’s presidential campaign violated campaign finance law after a Washington Post report in late October said donors to the campaign of President Donald Trump may have sought financial donations for the project. The committee of five Democrats and four Republicans introduced Wednesday the resolution urging the Senate and House Intelligence committee to probe whether donations by Trump, a U.S. presidential candidate, or his campaign received special legal protection during the presidential campaign.  The report stated that donors to Trump’s campaign did not necessarily have to have made a gift   or sign up to any donation of at least $200 to support the project. If a group solicits money for that and other activities, they are entitled to full legal protection, according to House of Representatives Special Counsel Robert Kelner. The Senate and House also voted to ask both the Senate and House Intelligence committees to examine whether Trump himself improperly used campaign money to fund the New York Times and other news outlets,  not just for the newspaper, but also for The Washington Post, which said that as it looked at some of Trump’s tweets, donations to the campaign appear to include an effort to help the news organization.    The House measure came despite a growing push by Trump and Republican congressional leaders to take a harder line on Trump’s dealings with the media. Former FBI director James Comey testified last Tuesday that Trump called him earlier this month to ask him to back an ongoing investigation into connections between the campaign of Trump and Russia. Trump has been dogged for months by controversy over allegations that he tried to have a secret meeting with the former president to try to lift  classified information  from the classified report. He denies the allegations, and Trump’s attorney has said the report was fabricated. Comey last week told lawmakers he would testify to them in closed session for
