======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 Tillerson. Trump is expected to meet with China s President Xi Jinping. He is expected to speak at the National Defense University, a Beijing-based think tank, on Tuesday, according to an aide. China s military on Monday issued a more conciliatory account of a telephone call between the two top aides to the president, but its ministry on Tuesday expressed regret over the tone. China s military said it had taken a deep look into the conduct of Trump during the call from Taiwan.  We must maintain the security and stability of the Korean peninsula,  the foreign ministry said in a statement. U.S. intelligence agencies have concluded that North Korea deliberately test-fired an intercontinental ballistic missile that flew over Japan s northern Hokkaido region as part of a planned launch to threaten the mainland United States. China s Defence Ministry said it would not hold Trump responsible for the incursion. ",<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Headline:"U.S. lawmakers, oil firms focus on overhaul"
Content: "WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Republican politicians and oil companies in the U.S. oil industry are focused on a bill in Congress to overhaul federal funding for some of the government s key programs that support clean energy, according to the sources. The bill, known as the Congressional Review Act, would allow Congress to change some of the funding laws that require energy-saving programs to use fossil fuels instead, according to the sources. The sources said the legislation is now expected to be discussed in the House of Representatives under a new president, which may or may not happen before President-elect Donald Trump takes office on Jan. 20. The source said the proposal came from members of Congress about a provision, known as an “Agency for Fossil Fuel Resourcing,” to prevent grants from being diverted to the oil and gas industry.  “This is a crucial defense against terrorists with weapons of mass destruction,” said the source. The legislation makes clear that the DOE money would not be used for renewable energy projects that have the potential to boost renewable fuel prices. That provision is a central component of the Congressional Review Act, and would be a major boost to clean energy, the sources said.  In addition to the Department of Energy and the Department of Interior, the bill would also allow Congress to eliminate the Environmental Protection Agency, which grants $3 billion annually to clean air and water agencies. The agency is not required to use fossil fuel, but its grants can. The sources did not specify how large any portion of the government “must meet” in funding. Representatives of the House of Representatives Budget Committee, which in turn runs appropriations bills, and of the Senate Appropriations Committee which handles defense and foreign affairs funding, said those bills would likely be discussed in their resolutions. The sources did not see how the measure would go now. But the Trump transition team had long said in past months that the budget for the coming fiscal year would aim to keep federal spending flat compared with this year.  The administration would need to do much more to reverse the decline in federal budget deficits as oil prices were falling and to maintain government debt, the sources said, noting that some $10 billion of that went into the budget last year. “We think that would be a huge boost to clean energy. The budget will likely also give it more time to get rid of the EPA,” the sources said. A spokesman declined to share information about the funding requests. The Environmental Protection Agency did not immediately respond to a request for comment. ",<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Headline:Trump to name former FBI director Comey as acting U.S. attorney general
Content: "WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President-elect Donald Trump, taking a step toward appointing U.S. Attorney General Jeff Sessions as attorney general, said on Tuesday he was leaning toward appointing his deputy. Trump, after taking a position vacated by Attorney General Jeff Sessions, announced that he had chosen Jeff Sessions, his pick to head the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI), as acting U.S. attorney general. While the Republican candidate and Republican President-elect spoke, the two men stood side by side. Before leaving, Trump was seen chatting in the hallway of a New York building. Trump’s transition team confirmed the pick on Monday. Sessions has declined to say who he would appoint as acting U.S. attorney general. Acting Attorney General Sally Yates, who became acting attorney general after Sessions left, said on Tuesday that she would not resign and was staying on. Trump, asked on Tuesday about whether he had considered firing Comey, declined to comment. But he added: “I have people that are under investigation. I have no reason to believe that anybody in the investigation is getting an accurate response to the way they’ve been doing.” Comey had been a holdover from the Obama administration and had served as a deputy attorney general.  In addition to Sessions, Trump has nominated as deputy attorney
