======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 was on display on two buses     (AFP) / REUTERS (Reuters) - A Russian soldier died in a helicopter attack on a U.S. Special Forces unit with a Russian helicopter and the helicopter used to bring him down, a spokesman for the U.S. Special Forces said on Tuesday, raising concerns in the U.S. military that Russia was training and equipping the Syrian and Iraqi militaries.  The U.S. military said in a statement it received an email from a person in Syria which said it had received an email from a Syrian commander about the U.S. Special Forces strike force, which also killed  an American contractor, an American soldier, and a Turkish soldier.  The U.S. military said it did not know what type of strike they were referring to. A spokesman for the U.S. military did not respond to requests for comment. It said the military had no comment on Tuesday and the cause was not immediately known. President Barack Obama and Putin have said it is Russia s responsibility to implement a 2015 deal brokered by Geneva that led to the removal of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad.  The United States and its allies accuse Russia of trying to destabilize neighboring NATO countries, including the United States. The Kremlin has said the deal was negotiated  through intermediaries  and that there have been no  formal discussions.  Russian officials have said there are no plans to launch attacks by the joint special forces operation but they want to maintain pressure on Syria by supplying the U.S. side with weapons.  Obama has said he did not believe Russia would follow through on a promise to drop its own jets in Syrian skies.  Moscow accuses the U.S. military of playing a role meant to help Assad when Russia has backed insurgents in Syria against Islamic State. ",<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Headline:Philippine leader Mar Roxas says wants to go to China
Content: "MANILA (Reuters) - Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte said on Tuesday Filipinos had shown their gratitude to Chinese President Xi Jinping by visiting China recently and the two leaders agreed to engage in dialogues in the near term.  I want to thank the Chinese President, thank him and congratulate him for being so wise and respectful to our country and as important of a partner as it is, that is what we feel very happy about,  Duterte said in an official photo at the president s residence during a visit to Davos-style summits around the world. Duterte, who has been on a tour of Asia this year where he has met with leaders from around the world , also said that if all other countries followed the Philippines  vision of a bilateral relationship with China and  made  the necessary  steps, then they could build a bilateral alliance with the US. “  (We) will be more than happy to work with any nations which have their own vision of a bilateral relationship with us and give us a chance to achieve something great for the country,” he said. Duterte and Xi sat next to each other at Davos on Tuesday when the former Communist leader called for the Philippines to be able to pursue a free trade pact with another country that is close to us. Duterte said he would meet President Xi when the leaders met and if he had no specific vision for the bilateral relationship he would negotiate them. The Philippines said it was deeply honored to receive the president of China at Davos - a strong sign of its commitment on economic reforms and the push to bring a free economic system under Chinese ownership. ",<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Headline:"South Korea says wants to mend ties with North Korea, also fears 'serious conflict'"
Content: "SEOUL (Reuters) - South Korea on Tuesday said it wanted to mend relations with North Korea, and fears a serious conflict as it presses its allies to deploy their forces in their own countries to protect them from North Korea. Relations between the countries have suffered along with their economies after a major North Korean nuclear test in January. In a telephone conversation with the U.S., the countries’ president said he wanted Washington to consider deploying its military. “If that is not done by now, in the year of goodwill and  goodwill, we will consider that to be a responsible act,” said President Hwang Kyo-ae in a phone call with visiting Seoul Prime Minister Lee Soo-hyuck.      ",<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Headline:Australia's Turnbull calls Trump 'a madman' in wake of 'dumb act'
Content: "MANILA (Reuters) - Australia s Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull dismissed the U.S. president’s comments about the treatment of Muslims in a phone call with president Donald Trump, even as he said it was time for him to rethink his  “America first” agenda in the Philippines. “What
