======== SAMPLE 1 ========
obya has been under pressure with several members of the ruling party and their allies who oppose him  to deliver on pledges to reform the country s constitution and bring power to the people.  The former minister was arrested in March and placed on house arrest last June at the urging of the ruling party, under threat of jail terms for rebellion and other charges.  There were riots and the detention of opposition leaders who were not directly ousted by the ruling party.  The authorities are not giving them a trial, instead ordering the government to allow the court to set up a panel of judges and six assembly seats.     The prosecution had earlier rejected three appeals by the opposition that the prosecution was  being  not fair  in an election-year run-off in July.  The government has called the courts  not fair  and called charges  being leveled against the government.  The constitutional court has been trying to block another attempt of the party to amend the constitution, which allows the executive and opposition to seek amendments to the constitution.  The constitutional court, whose chief judge, Chief Justice Ma Heng Jia-sheng and eight of its 27 judges, have never been directly elected to take office, has been widely criticized for a decision last November allowing the party and other parties to change legislation without parliamentary approval.  One constitutional court ruling last month ruled it unconstitutional because the previous president, Nguyen Phu Trong, had illegally dissolved the National Congress Party (NCP). However, the ruling said the national legislature and the government  did not violate the Constitution by unconstitutionally setting up a committee to dissolve the National Congress Party during an election campaign to remove Nguyen Phu.    The courts also have rejected an attempt by the NCP to amend the constitution in July by calling a legislature  by the first two months of next year. The NCP has since lost its hold on power that resulted in some of its leaders being forced to leave the party in June and was rebranded by the party from the National Union of Mineworkers (NUP). Nguyen Phu has also been pushed out of his post at the Central Military People s Party (COMP). The NUP has long opposed attempts to rewrite the constitution, saying it was the only way to safeguard the rights of the people in the country.  ",<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Headline:Police in North Korea arrested on weapons and cash charges: South 촉
Content: "SEOUL (Reuters) - Fourteen police officers were arrested by the North Koreans on weapons and money charges related to a state arms smuggling ring, South Korea s main domestic security ministry said on Monday. The ministry said it was responding to  formal and specific requests  by the North Koreans from Seoul and other South Korean cities in the past two months. The ministry said it had requested from the North Korean authorities to clarify the charges. The ministry said that in cooperation with law enforcement agencies of the South Korean Security Council and the United Nations, it was able to question the suspects. North Korea s official Korean Central News Agency said the four officers, all from a local police unit, were arrested on Sept. 3 in a public shopping mall in Seoul and handed over to a local court in a charge of receiving illicit weapons and cash from others. The ministry s head, Kim Dong-yae, said some five South Koreans were involved with the suspects, including one who was detained on September 30 and another detained on Sept. 22. The ministry earlier said that South Korea and the United States had held talks  on  specific measures of cooperation involving Seoul and Tokyo to prevent the spread of nuclear-related threats throughout the peninsula that have prompted a naval standoff and increased tension.  The ministry said that in May it launched what it called a “massive  and highly successful  ballistic missile cruise missile test  in South Korea, in a first such test for South Korea. South Korea later withdrew such tests in September, citing concerns about the potential for intercontinental ballistic missiles. South Korea said Pyongyang had displayed the launch by  ballistic missile stage  as its test of the newest  missile on May 11 on July 18, breaking decades of U.N. resolutions and a U.N. resolution to prevent the transfer of advanced nuclear and ballistic missiles to North Korea and said it was “deeply concerned”. South Korea has warned of a “big-nuclear crisis”, a common threat to a group of neighbors including Japan, South Korea, Japan, the United States and China that all but collapsed several decades ago. The North has said the launch was just a drill meant to bolster its security and its deterrent against North Korea s aggression , and that it had made preparations for that missile and that it was “ready to fire them.” South Korea on Monday called the U.N. Security Council meeting in New York over preparations for a nuclear war.  North Korea said the test was meant to counter U.N. criticism over a spate of attacks,
