======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 statement by the Senate’s top Republican, Senator John Cornyn, said Mr. McConnell appeared to “have taken the necessary steps” to ensure a bipartisan approach remains in force. “Mr. McConnell’s position regarding the filibuster is clear, and the Senate must insist that this debate be a priority,” he added referring questions to the leadership, not McConnell. Senate Republican Leader Mitch McConnell, a Kentucky Republican, also said he hoped to strike a bipartisan tone, but could not agree on which approach is more important. “The chairman would have preferred a broad bipartisan approach, with the intention to work together, as I did in the majority, and to move the entire debate forward,” McConnell said in a written statement issued to reporters. “We are in the process of preparing a joint statement and will be ready to address the issue once there are consensus and clarity that needs to be found. I hope that everyone agrees that it’s the best way to win a majority,” he said. Senate Republicans, including Senate majority leader Mitch McConnell, face another battle in the coming weeks on issues including repeal of Obamacare and tax reform.  Senate Republican leader, Republican John Cornyn, also told the press that he could not have the votes for a final budget resolution to deal with the issue. The budget resolution will need the support of the 52 GOP senators. Trump wants $10.5 trillion for tax cuts in 2017, while the deficit is projected to be $20.5 trillion through 2022, meaning he wants Congress to pass higher taxes. McConnell and his fellow Republicans, together with Democrats, have said the deficit will be bigger than $20 trillion, and the budget is needed for years. A Democratic aide, who was not authorized to speak to reporters, was asked if McConnell believed there was a consensus on the deficit as he took out his final budget plan, saying he thinks the deficit is now up to 20 percent of GDP. The budget resolution has been backed by the vast majority of Republicans. Most recently, Senate majority leader Mitch McConnell wrote in a letter to lawmakers that Trump was ready to negotiate with Democrats on infrastructure. A Democrat told the Senate on Monday that she could not believe the White House had not done enough to find financing for his infrastructure proposals, noting both Democratic and Republican leaders had rejected Trump’s request to hold a vote on the infrastructure bill.  Republicans say the president can use the tax-related mechanism to get Democrats to agree on highway funding for other projects, a claim Democrats reject. It has been unclear who in Trump’s orbit intends to hold a vote. Asked about the Democrats’ willingness to back the infrastructure bill, McConnell said he had told them he needed them to secure Democratic support and that they would not go over his budget plan. Democrats have already gone public with their objection to the transportation plan, prompting a Democratic attack on the White House, and a threat to veto it if negotiations do not go smoothly. “No more delays! Or delay until we have a plan of what we want to do,” Democrats said in a statement, according to Reuters. McConnell said he did not expect Democrats would sign on to the infrastructure legislation. Republicans were surprised by the party’s inability to secure the support of some Democrats on infrastructure, as many said they had been asking for decades for major federal spending increases for transportation and other infrastructure projects and to do something on rail. Democrats have been pressing for more direct funding of infrastructure. In exchange, McConnell would need Democrats to back legislation to allow other legislation to be passed. Democrats would probably want to take up the Transportation, Infrastructure and Transit-Expansion legislation. Republicans want a tax overhaul in exchange for a tax cut and a waiver from Obamacare and a replacement for Obamacare tax law that provides coverage for new enrollees. Trump has threatened to veto any bill that does not repeal the Obamacare individual mandate requirement. But a bipartisan compromise is unlikely to pass in the Senate. McConnell’s plan is his most unpopular. Republicans, who are not yet unified, have said they are eager to secure enough Democratic votes to pass one or more infrastructure bills. Republican Senator Lindsey Graham, one of the top Republicans in any chamber of Congress, has said he is more disappointed than disappointed by Republican lawmakers who did not reach a consensus on the legislation, given his support for it. But Democrats have argued that the party is moving forward with the infrastructure bill before they have taken a position on the broader Transportation and Infrastructure Bill, saying there are no bipartisan alternatives.  Representative Barbara Comstock, the majority leader, said she was disappointed with that plan as she was preparing to vote for the broader infrastructure bill, which she had hoped to pass with just a two-thirds majority. ",<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Headline:White House spokeswoman: Trump won't seek more votes for healthcare bill
Content: "D.C. (Reuters) - The White House said on Wednesday it will not seek more votes to end the Republican opposition to President
