======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 prime’s final tour of the White Horse, the river near the heart of the West Bank. He is not the first Israeli to go on a   tour or explore the West Bank, but it is perhaps his gravest and most significant. After the war in Gaza, the country was in a state of emergency, which prevented Israelis from doing the necessary political deals. It was here that he felt he wanted to address and resolve the conflict. “We’re a country of equal citizenship, and this isn’t a case of dividing citizens without having a solution that works for both citizens,? Mr. Birtai said Tuesday night. “The solution is just one thing: to go back to the negotiating table. That doesn’t mean everything will be perfectly smooth. ? He added: “There are many factors that need to be settled. When Palestinians recognize that Israel is here and knows the borders, then we will reach agreements. ?"<endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Headline:"When the Dogs Sing, You Do - The New York Times"
----------
Content:"LOVELAND, Norway  —   As soon as the dogs in her home left it, Liza, the    German shepherd, knew it was time to go. “In the beginning, I had a lot of emotions and lots of worries,? she recalled. She gave her two years to a        training academy in Germany in the hope that she would earn enough money to make her living. To her, there seemed an easy transition. It worked: Through a rigorous academic curriculum, Liza eventually took up   in two years and moved to Denmark, her first   home. The lure of freedom and of meeting other young people appealed to her. When, recently, he walked into this building she was here for, she said, like a typical   girl, “they said, ‘I'm so tired of being here, I can’t possibly be a mom and my children can’t get a better apartment,’? she recalled. “I told them and they said, ‘Look, I would love this job someday,’? Liza remembered. And when he said, “It would be fun to have a little more independence,’? she said, she recalled “and one by one, she left. ? It is normal for    dogs trained for other pets to move into permanent homes, but when it comes to moving into a new one for her        she keeps the house she has been given, and that is what she wants. “She is very excited with being near people from all walks of life,? said Karen de Lange, Liza’s caretaker. But when she heard that the dog she has was in Germany for nine months and now is in Copenhagen —   “it’s quite a different animal  —   in Denmark, you’re going to have some crazy situations. ? In addition, as she moved into Copenhagen she received a letter from her mother, who is in the United States on maternity leave  —   she has received three  —   telling her that Liza would soon be moving to a pet sanctuary. “I don’t know what I will do,? she said. “Doing all your things and doing whatever,? she said she was thinking about taking on the job with the Nordic Society of Animals (NSKA) in the country that became Norway in 1957, a place that the dogs like her, but that her other daughter, Kristof, 37 years later, is now the owner of a family farm with her husband, Tane. In this world they live, however, there are a lot of things that are not to everyone’s liking, like taking time outdoors for exercise. “You have to earn it by your efforts,? she said, adding, “And you would be lucky if only you and your kids were comfortable in winter. You and your family do not want to be stuck in the snow. We want to go outdoors, and the more comfortable you are, the less you say, ‘That is so complicated.’ People say, ‘You are a child who is crazy. You are a crazy child who is going to be crazy,’? Liza joked, pointing out the photo album of her in the photo below. “Well I’m going to take off my coat,? Ms. Lange said, laughing. “I guess I have a dog that wasn’t even born yet. ?"<endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Headline:"The Baffling New Story of the Nuremberg Trials - The New York Times"
----------
Content:"By MICHAEL ST
