======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 120,000 children.  The move is a sign of broader resistance by Western officials that have criticized the refugee resettlement system and say they want to prevent more such children fleeing from Syria. At least 800,000 refugees are still displaced from Syria since last year, when government forces captured the last major stronghold there, Damascus suburbs and the western countryside.  The number of unaccompanied children that continue to arrive regularly to U.N. refugee camps has soared this year, and more than 1,000 have died while in their care,  said Christian Guellia, the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees in India. More than 3,300 children are still living in the camps in India, the second highest number in the world, he told a briefing. More than 1,500 children had already been living in the camps since 2012, when many of the camps collapsed. The United Nations World Food Programme, Bangladesh and the United States are working quickly to find places for these children to stay at least until they can reach safety. On Monday, India s human disaster response manager for refugee resettlement, Seema Choudhry, said she planned to meet with the government to discuss what aid agencies can do to help children who have yet to reach safety.  The main thing I will point to is that if we do not help the children with their protection, we will not help our own children,  said the U.N. human rights activist. UNHCR s India office says India is one of the fastest-growing resettlement countries in the world, having doubled its numbers for refugees from 2015 to 948.  In the last eight months, (the Indian U.N.) has made more than 300 new commitments to provide emergency support for resettlement projects,  Choudhry told a briefing.    India plans to provide additional financial and logistical support over the next three years, it said. India s largest refugee agency, the Indian U.N. Refugee Support Centre, said India now has the largest permanent home for its refugees in the country.  We are committed to providing the most effective, safe shelter possible for our clients,  the agency said in a statement. India says it is willing to provide emergency shelter to children and will assist its partners. On Saturday, the U.N. refugee agency said it would send humanitarian assistance to the camps in Bihar and Haryana. ",<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Headline:New Zealand says 'strong' diplomatic approach to North Korea
Content: "WELLINGTON (Reuters) - New Zealand would like to see more direct human relations with North Korea rather than isolating itself on the world stage, Foreign Minister Gerry Robinson said on Monday, adding he did not expect to speak to the Chinese or other foreign ministers before President-elect Donald Trump takes up his position.   The New Zealand government wants the world to work for us, first of all to work together and to work, not isolate,  Robinson told a news conference with visiting Japanese Foreign Minister Taro Aso.  We would like to see (that) more direct communication.  ",<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Headline:"Venezuela says its Maduro plans show, not failure"
Content: "CARACAS (Reuters) - Venezuela s interim president, Luisa Toledo, said on Monday her government was ready to start  a work without a permit , but would not commit to stopping what it says has been an accelerating policy shift as unrest continues to grow in the OPEC nation. The ruling socialists in the northern region of the OPEC nation, Caracas, have taken to the streets to demand democratic reforms and the release of political prisoners for decades-long graft charges that have drawn the wrath of their opposition. This month alone more than 3,000 people have died of hunger strikes and protests in Caracas, capital of the OPEC member. Venezuela, which is one of the world s poorest, is in recession and is suffering a severe economic crisis exacerbated this year by severe inflation and a collapsing tourism business. But the latest turmoil has been dominated by the removal of Maduro, the 55-year-old former oil executive who ran the OPEC nation in the past five to seven years. The opposition has not accepted charges against Maduro - who was banned from office last month - for the killing of protesters in the wake of last year s deadly protests. The new government, the National Convergence Council (CNC), is expected to meet on Monday, state-run television showed.  In its first statement since the protest, the Maduro administration said:  The country wants to go about its business without interference from abroad. We are here to work with our partners to build the world on the basis of mutual trust... we do not want to isolate ourselves.  It is unclear and Venezuela s economic development, which has already stalled this year, is widely seen as a major concern for the economy, which is a source of export cash for its socialist-run neighbor.     
