======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 “I mean, if someone’s running for mayor and they’re throwing all their money at the candidate, should it make a difference? If somebody has the moral fortitude to quit and run and put this on trial, who would agree to that?? Mr. Johnson’s campaign website is hosted on Google’s servers, which are part of Google’s campaign infrastructure. Mr. Fauci’s campaign website was not hacked, but it appeared to function, at least to an extent, in the absence of an attack on the website. Mr. Fauci’s website had many questions about his candidacy, and on Wednesday he promised that “while I’m disappointed in the outcome, I won’t retire. ? “No matter what happens, I’m committed to the cause, and I believe that when the people of Chicago elect me for mayor, they will be building   parks and putting the money where the people of Chicago have the right to spend it,? Mr. Fauci said in the interview. But Mr. Johnson was optimistic, even while acknowledging that some of the problems he had with the system appeared to stem in part from the lack of oversight when it comes to police oversight, and he has promised to work together with Mr. Fauci and his supporters on a comprehensive overhaul of the city’s tax code, a key piece of his campaign platform. During the campaign, he seemed equally surprised to be rejected by the Chicago Board of Education, which has its own set of concerns about the lack of public safety in the city. Asking why, he said he didn’t understand whether school should matter so much, or not, but that he hoped to work with Mr. Fauci on the proposal, as well. “We’re going to fix all these things,? he said. At a news conference in Chicago on Wednesday in addition to the   Mr. Flynn spoke privately to reporters, telling reporters about his vote for Mr. Bush, and how he had helped Mr. Fauci out with his campaign. Mr. Flynn also indicated he planned to run for Illinois governor in 2020, which would require some degree of collaboration with Mayor Rahm Emanuel’s office, which would not be out of his sight. Mr. Flynn said he had been aware of Mr. Emanuel’s position but had decided against it because of how Mr. Emanuel’s administration had handled the district’s financial problems and problems surrounding the aging prison. “In terms of reform,? he said, “I view it as the best way to address the issues that have affected my city. ?"<endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Headline:"In His Second Term, Trump Launches a Twitter Postage and Takes to the Streets - The New York Times"
----------
Content:"WASHINGTON  —   President Trump issued an executive order this week aimed at curbing the influence from outside entities on American public policy and infrastructure. This one came as the Trump campaign and its supporters were still reeling from the release of thousands of emails and documents from an elite group of donors. The order has spurred concerns of corruption among the elite donor class around the world that it may have obtained a huge kickback with a firm that has pledged tens of millions of dollars to Republican politicians across the world, many of whom have criticized the president’s policies and called him a puppet of abroad. Mr. Trump has yet to address the issue publicly  —   and when he does, he gives contradictory statements about how he will address corruption and the influence that it poses. By focusing on the orders, Mr. Trump is launching a      effort to address the public perception of corruption and make things right by using Twitter and Twitter messages his supporters and    to try to communicate, according to the people with knowledge of the strategy. But the effort has been hampered by the perception of Twitter and the Trump campaign’s own problems due to the president’s attacks on his Twitter tone during the campaign, which has led to heavy criticism from outside groups that have hired campaign consultants to try to reach him. One concern among officials in the White House is that by not commenting publicly, Mr. Trump will lead fewer followers in being persuaded to visit critical sites, a critical trend that is also worrisome considering the size of his Twitter following, at about 40. The strategy is similar to a series of tweets Mr. Trump has issued on social media, including the phrase “Merry Christmas,? and his favorite message, which has   accounts named after famous holiday destinations. “It’s called the reset button,? Mr. Trump has said of his      tweets. “It’s a long, long list. ?"<endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Headline:"Donald Trump Is
