======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 the United Arab Emirates. The judge’s orders would make California a party to any such agreement. The federal government has a crucial role to play in the negotiations, given California’s position as a primary beneficiary, both economically and politically, by way of its enormous infrastructure. The federal government has a huge interest in ensuring that California’s transportation system, a source of billions of dollars in annual revenue, remains viable. A system whose financial stability rests on the ability of the state government to keep borrowing to pay for roads, bridges and other spending is a recipe for economic crisis and political upheaval. That was clearly reflected when California elected to the   body in Los Angeles in 1984, less than five years after the formation of the Trans-Pacific Partnership and about four decades after an   conference. Two of a proposed new tax on imports that would have been part of Los Angeles’s   package were killed off amid the recession. In 1981, the state’s first highway was built on the Interstate 80 corridor connecting California’s major cities to Honolulu, Hawaii. The highway was completed during Govs. Edmund G. Brown and Ronald Reagan’s two decades in office. But California’s highway planning and investment program are often criticized as ineffective and sometimes as part of a failure. It is one of those policies that politicians in California would oppose but are afraid to criticize, the latest in the age of the   movement and online campaigns like the #GrabYourWallet campaign, in which shoppers post images of themselves holding "Grab Your Wallet? signs. A few weeks ago, Governor Jerry Brown signed a bill repealing the landmark environmental policy put forward by former Gov. Pete Wilson in the 1980s that helped preserve the Great Bay, a body of water that in the 1980s helped kill off harmful algal blooms. Californians are well aware that environmental protection matters could not be further from the forefront when it comes to California’s energy policy. After decades of ignoring its role as a leader in national energy politics, California’s leader took a hard right turn in 2015 when Governor Edmund G. Brown signed a “zero carbon? initiative with a strong federal push to combat climate change, including a proposal to create a new oil refinery that would have given Californians access to clean energy sources like solar and wind. The federal program also helped California grow its clean coal industry and improve air quality to levels not seen since those in New York City. “There’s no more important moment in California’s history,? said Bill McGuire, the executive director of a coalition of environmental groups, including the California Alliance to Prevent Irresponsible Drinking Water. “It was the moment California began putting its foot in its mouth, taking on large environmental policies at a time when things were going nowhere and no one had won state after state. ? Californians have a lot to hate about California despite its best efforts to protect the environment, the best incentives to encourage the economy to improve and, most of all, the relentless drive by politicians who want to restrict California’s right to build the infrastructure needed for clean energy. California is often mentioned in news reports as one of the state’s worst environmental violators. A 2012 investigation by The Times found that the Pacific Gas and Electric Company, a major California contractor, violated California’s air pollution rules and lost customers with inflated air quality. In January, news outlets were captivated by a video of emergency workers using a helicopter to assess the worsening smog in San Francisco Bay area neighborhoods  —   homes are evacuated during air pollution episodes. And California is notorious for producing pollution in large areas where pollution is rampant, especially in urban areas. But that is changing. The Great Bay, which stretches across a vast stretch of land along the California coast from the Azusa River to the sea, is becoming one of the model sites for improved air pollution and clean energy, experts say. California is in the midst of an energy boom of its own, and for the first time in its history more Californians have power. This week, it became the fifth time this century that the state gained more renewable energy than it had previously. The economic case for renewable energy is strong, and renewable energy is one of the best ways to combat climate change. The state has had reliable wind and solar power for nearly 10 years, the Los Angeles Times said, but natural gas has also become a big player. In 2014, California generated more natural gas than any other state, accounting for 40 percent of California’s natural gas production that year. Last year, it was another story: California generated nearly two hundred seven billion gallons of natural gas, an amount nearly as great as a week’s supply of electricity in normal hours. California has built a   pipeline that will bring natural gas from the Marcellus Shale gas fields in Pennsylvania to the Central Valley. But natural gas supply on the scale used for power generation and a major component of many conventional energy sources is not renewable
