======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 drawer to find a single document with important information, it would probably take him 10 hours or more to find anything relevant. On Thursday, he found one document, marked “Dossiers,? which he opened in the presence of a military doctor. This   newspaper was founded by The Associated Press, whose offices have been found on the site. The magazine was launched by The Associated Press as an alternative to The Times in 2007. It had its origins in the 1990s when The Times moved to offer more space online for journalists and graphic designers. Then the newsroom for The Times began to shrink. The paper lost some of its top journalists, and its digital and print editions have become far smaller as news organizations have gone digital."<endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Headline:Wearing a Suit of a Different Color - The New York Times
----------
Content:"This dress is one of those things that is hard to look at. It looks like a dress but is not. It’s not to suggest that it is some fashion masterpiece, but it is just a dress, because it does not suit a body. It’s not elegant. This dress is not the invention of designers like Dolce  Gabbana and Jaden Smith. And it has nothing to do with fashion. But it is part of the contemporary dress, designed and   by a man: Calvin Klein, designer of men’s wear for the most part, for reasons you probably did not realize before. In our latest installment, we wanted to ask the designer, Calvin Klein, what he did not make this year. Calvin Klein did not make it. Not, you might have guessed, the most popular of women’s wear outfits, but its design, with the help of stylists like Peter Mullaney and Tom Ford, has been a consistent part of the male lifestyle for years. But the choice of clothing for men is new. It’s not a result of an overhaul of men’swear in response to the new policies of President Trump. In many stores, men are seen as   rather than dressed up. (The New York Times has called this a   dress.) So when it comes to it, Calvin Klein is not only one of the most original brands in this world, but it is also one of the brands for whom the idea of   dress is at least as old as the concept itself. Why did Calvin Klein not exist? The answer is politics, and politics have its own story. The father of Calvin Klein, Charles F. Schulz, was born in 1930, and he came by the same name as a dress designer. The model is an unlikely candidate for one of the most important jobs at the very young age of 28, when some companies are struggling. (Perhaps it’s easier for me to make a suggestion that my friend Joe Robertson, who founded the firm Calvin Klein in 1974, could have been the first Calvin Klein guy to arouse controversy over the brand’s supposed conservatism by wearing it.) Yet it is the best explanation a designer can offer for why a woman wouldn’t want something like Calvin Klein. She would look at him and be disappointed. Of course Calvin Klein isn’t the first time that a designer went through with something similar. It took a different designer, Jean Paul Gaultier, to create a clothing line for the very same brand  —   and it won it by 18 years. But it has become an issue, with many women feeling that they have been overlooked in the fashion establishment. Calvin Klein has said this over and over on the radio, and it is part of Calvin Klein’s brand now. Calvin Klein’s statement, while very well written, was a little turgid. You have to listen to it to believe it. (And watch the clips here.) It’s almost a year and a half after the statement was first issued, and yet people find it hard to believe that the   line isn’t just another piece of fabric. It is much larger and harder to look at. And why does Calvin Klein go out of its way to give the brand the sort of spotlight that other men’s wear has received historically, like the Dolce  Gabbana: He was known in the 1980s as The King, and The King is just how a famous designer wears something with such power. If Calvin Klein wants to get back to doing it  —   why, why not?  —   why would it have to reinvent all the way from the beginning? What can Calvin Klein say when people can’t? People want something different. But why change for a moment? When a man or woman can’t wear something just about anything feels the same to me. It isn’t necessarily about politics. This isn’t the first time a white model has come out with something similar. Perhaps it’s
