======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 an order to “determine? whether those on a list were “likely to commit? a designated violent crime. The judge then ordered the government to “exercise its discretion? in determining whether to grant her order to release her. Under the order, she’s no longer allowed to have any contact with those on the list. “My family was very worried, and everyone said, ‘You are crazy, this is the way people are, but’? she said, adding, “I’m not really allowed to meet people. ? And on her Facebook page, Ms. Mathers has now posted images of children looking out on the promenade dressed in purple leggings, a   outfit, a purple skirt and a wig dyed with the color purple. Although she said she didn’t know why the government allowed her in, she wrote recently that she had wanted to be on the list since she was younger but wasn’t allowed entry because she was black. But she added later when she tried coming down in person, no one would allow her in, she wrote, a curious reflection of the reality of her world. It is not unusual for someone to be on a list for one or more serious crimes, and the U. S. has a lengthy criminal history record, as it is. The most famous was Marc Andreessen and Jeffrey L. Bewkes, who became national security officials after serving in the Vietnam War. But their case didn’t end there. They were convicted in a plea bargain, and in 1970, they received suspended sentences, largely because of their involvement in the conspiracy that led to the Watergate scandal. Another famous example is David Carrell, the    ’s son who went from obscurity to   notoriety in a matter of days for a bombastic phone call from 1979 in which he encouraged riots in New York against the segregated city government. Two or three days later, he was arrested and charged in a grand jury indictment. At a news conference in 1980, he said he had made only $50 at a restaurant in his apartment building. “I don’t think that anybody has a right to arrest somebody for making a political speech,? said Mr. Carrell, who had been denied citizenship by the United States. A petition to revoke his birthright had been circulating in the circles of U. S. intelligence, as well as a number of other countries, including Britain, that had viewed his father as an   terrorist threat. In 1987, the Justice Department issued a special directive that sought to “prevent the entry of specific names and categories of foreign national in the United States or who are subject to an executive order issued by the president. ? The following year, the agency also issued   memos on foreign terrorist suspects that included broad questions about who had been “suspected. ? After years of pressure from Congress and with help from Mr. Trump, as well as from the Justice Department, the directive on suspected foreigners was dropped. But some said the practice of barring foreigners from certain countries was still prevalent in some executive orders, which are issued by the White House. Mr. Trump’s order is the latest effort to change longstanding immigration policies aimed at curting the overall flow of immigrants. Last year, Mr. Carrell submitted an affidavit under the Freedom of Information Act that acknowledged the existence of a secret list of foreign intelligence threats that included Iran, Saudi Arabia, Iraq and Sudan. But an agency official said the existence of these “black intelligence? was still in doubt. The Times found that the agency had published a number of lists of foreign spies, which the White House did not intend to include in the intelligence document that was supposed to underpin Mr. Trump’s executive order. The list included information about a program called “Plame? whose aim was to help the FBI develop a case against Khalid Sheikh Mohammed, the   Guantánamo detainee, and about a   program known as “Midlife,? which the C. I. A. had collected and analyzed to help other foreign intelligence agencies gather more information about Americans who had committed terrorist acts. But, the Post reported, senior administration officials regarded “Midlife? as a vital intelligence tool, and some agencies were uncomfortable with how it was being used. In February, a senior intelligence official in the N. S. A. and the C. I. A. and several other agencies was asked to review how often agencies were asked to produce the intelligence they were supposed to produce in response to a request from a White House and whether the rules applied. In March 2000, the Pentagon and the Justice Department asked the White House to request that they produce the intelligence they were supposed to produce in response to a request for such intelligence. An aide to Homeland Security Secretary Janet Reno who was knowledgeable about these meetings noted that a list of about 50 names would be prepared and that the names would be chosen carefully, with
