======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 is what has been reported about the company for weeks. In a February article in The New York Times, Mr. Kushner said the company did “great work? in creating   and   divisions. But in a meeting with reporters before the meeting, Mr. Kushner said, his firm was advised by his    Jared Kushner. He did not specify what advice the two had or what the assets were. A spokesman for Mr. Kushner, Daniel J. B. Rubenstein, said the secretary used the term “jared? in the article as in Mr. Kushner. But other former and current Trump campaign officials said Mr. Kushner was never as clear as he and others had imagined he was about to become a trusted adviser to Mr. Trump. Those officials said that even as the two parties were at loggerheads over how to approach Mr. Trump’s top economic transition team, the two leaders spoke privately on the phone on Friday morning, about the potential for tax write offs and savings during retirement plans and even what to call his small business venture  —   which the family does run. That detail was not revealed. Mr. Kushner’s former campaign chairman, Stephen K. Bannon, helped guide Mr. Kushner through the regulatory and legal landscape to avoid any conflicts. But many of the former campaign officials said their interactions with Mr. Kushner never amounted to a deal. Many said Mr. Kushner did not know the Trump Organization or its owners, and he did not tell them he owned the building that housed his    business penthouse. “A lot of what Kushner is doing is, he is an extremely savvy, very experienced young person still only in his fifties,? said Richard W. Painter, a White House chief ethics lawyer under President George W. Bush. “He was in senior levels of the executive branch for a quarter century. He was a political operative in the Bush administration, and Trump Tower had become his new organization. ? The two presidential advisory councils, of Mr. Kushner’s and Mr. Trump’s, have moved forward, at times meeting this past week in a series of talks held in   as well as in other locations. The discussions included two deals that Mr. Kushner struck with overseas companies in 2016 after he moved to the United Arab Emirates, according to an Emirati government contract obtained by The New York Times. Those deals, along with a real estate investment trust he sold in 2002, totaled close to $500 million, according to public records. Among the buyers was a leading international real estate company in the UAE in which Mr. Kushner had investments as small as about $1 million. Mr. Kushner also struck a secret letter to Abu Dhabi’s ruler, Sheikh Mohammed bin Rashid, offering an array of investments with options to “make money in the UAE, Saudi Arabia and elsewhere,? according to the contract, which did not go through. One possibility was to create a trust where investments from such companies would be managed, Mr. Kushner’s letter concluded. “I am making this writing note in connection with potential conflicts that may arise arising from my financial holdings,? Mr. Kushner wrote in the letter. “Given the importance that I place on protecting the U. S. B. I.  investments, I have determined that it is appropriate that I retain written statements regarding these matters. ? As a candidate, Mr. Kushner had a stake in Mr. Trump’s businesses from the start, attending a dinner he hosted in March at the Club at Trump Tower, whose   and   restaurants now bear his name. Then, he made his first contribution of financial support to Mr. Trump’s campaign in September, a contribution in the form of a check to the campaign that he accepted from a political action committee funded by the family of his close friend. Mr. Kushner has since given money to other groups supporting Mr. Trump’s candidacy, including to Congress, a nonprofit organization that helps Democrats fund political advertisements and to state parties, according to OpenSecrets. org, a nonprofit data firm. He gave to the National Republican Congressional Committee, which raised $28. 5 million for the election, and more than one to local political action committees, the records showed. In an email exchange, a person close to Mr. Kushner said Mr. Kushner’s contribution did not represent a personal donation but rather one to the     Committee. His lawyer and deputy chief of staff have also helped run a nonprofit educational organization named after him that includes such donations as speaking fees and signing bonuses, records show. Even so, people close to Mr. Kushner are questioning whether his new role in the White House constitutes a violation of constitutional prohibitions against taking money from a client or political organization while a member of the cabinet. A spokesman for Mr. Kushner did not respond to a request for comment. The ethics office of the United States Office of Government Ethics has advised that Mr. Kushner, like Mr. Trump, should refrain
