======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 of the EU and not from any country, in the best interests of the EU. ? ",<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Headline:UAE says could launch talks against Gulf Cooperation Council
Content: "TUBA (Reuters) - Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates and Bahrain are interested in using a meeting planned between two GCC states on July 27 as a chance to hold a dialogue with the Gulf Cooperation Council (GCC) states, Kuwaiti Minister of Foreign Affairs Khalid al-Ashani said on Saturday. Al-Ashani told Kuwait-based broadcaster Al Fatiq that Riyadh had expressed to him the intention to establish talks with Saudi Arabia, the UAE and Bahrain after Gulf Cooperation Council states agreed to participate in a dialogue to discuss regional security issues. Saudi Arabia, which has blocked any possible UAE-Iranian Gulf state cooperation on security issues, is threatening to cut its financial support to the GCC. Kuwait announced last week its intention to move its embassy to Kuwait, setting up a permanent residence for the Emirates, Bahrain and the United Arab Emirates. ",<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Headline:"Factbox: The Trump presidency has been a busy one so far, with the new president taking on health care, taxes and immigration"
Content: "(Reuters) - When President Donald Trump takes office on Jan. 20, he will be making his first significant attempt in nearly 20 years to overhaul a system rigged for the benefit of corporations. A new president needs a team of top advisors on the inside, so the U.S. government has already made moves that will serve as a blueprint for a transition to replace the current regime. On January 20, Trump will take the first steps to reshape America’s trade system, and his cabinet, by signing into law two legislation to scrap nearly all environmental regulations issued by former President Barack Obama, who is now a billionaire. A new president has yet to pick any of his cabinet members, but many of his cabinet members have been making significant decisions for the first few days of the Trump presidency at the State Department, the White House and the National Security Council.  These policies reflect some of the challenges faced by the Trump administration when it enters office - particularly a crisis at home with immigration and the challenges the president faces in implementing the orders he is considering. It is not the first time Trump has ordered agencies to change or discontinue an action, and it may be the first time the nation tries to respond. The following policy measures will help to meet Trump’s objectives from a business perspective. The order to start the work of preparing for Trump’s first significant Cabinet shake-up can be found here. Trump’s budget proposes cutting spending by 35 percent, reducing the role of the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) and by the EPA to 18 percent from a total of 41 percent, a reduction of 26 percent from Trump’s budget for the fiscal year ending March 31. Trump also wants to cut some of his top administrative jobs from 35 to 20 percent from an average of 37 percent - the lowest in the nation, according to Reuters. Trump also has proposed reducing the number of U.S. military personnel, ending the role of the National Security Agency, eliminating the position of White House special assistant for foreign affairs and restructuring the functions of the Department of Agriculture as he proposes in his first budget. Trump’s plan to eliminate the U.S. government’s top law enforcement officer, Anthony Scaramucci, will bring about about 1,500 federal and state prosecutor jobs as well as the president’s ability to identify high-ranking crimes in his Cabinet. Trump has also proposed cutting the U.S. office of the director of national intelligence from 25 to 13 officials, according to Reuters. Trump has also pushed for eliminating the department’s office of terrorism coordinator, which is now headed by a retired marine general.      Trump also has proposed cutting the CIA’s budget by almost a third as a percentage of its budget, roughly halving its budget of $7.1 billion per year.  This will eliminate about 1,800 jobs in government agencies that Trump has said he wants to close, according to Reuters. Trump has also proposed eliminating the Justice Department’s top law enforcement job. It would move from 4,300 to 6,200, according to a Reuters tally of the department’s top 20 agencies. In addition, Trump recently eliminated the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, as well as his proposal to freeze some foreign bank accounts for six months. The National Commission on Fiscal Responsibility and Reform was given 9 percent of the budget. Trump also proposed halving the use of federal employee retiree healthcare funds because the agency “can’t do such a good job that everyone has a job, and the president is going to stop the bleeding.”  A number of federal agencies, including the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA), the White House Office
