======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 the same way that the Obama administration did. I’ve learned since then that a significant number of public officials have little to lose in a decision that results in an important decision. What’s different now is that the Trump administration’s been very supportive of coal miners. That obviously is very important, because at the time they were the biggest employer in their neighborhood, the greatest contributor to employment. And they’re very supportive in building infrastructure around coal miners so what the public seems to be interested in is jobs.   I think that is an important point, and a very strong sign of where our country is, and where our values are, and where our politics’ direction is. If you think that coal miners are much better than coal companies, why the government should have stepped up to help them? To an economist, that doesn’t make any sense. I’m sure you were a coal miner yourself. They are in your neighborhood, if you know how deep you’re connected. I do think that they’re an important part of our social fabric in America. Coal is a very strong part of our social fabric. Some of the issues that have led you, the other side, like gun rights, to the side of that side over the years, have come from that side. Coal miners are an extremely important part of communities. And I think that’s why the Trump administration is playing so hard to play them off the side. Why did the Trump administration put a ban on refugees? The Obama administration did a lot to allow them to enter the U. S. and I think we got to that point from them, where if any Republican president wants to go on a   platform without the exclusion of Muslims, they say they want to do it. They think you would have much less discrimination if the Republicans had been a party who stood the policy way. When you had the Obama administration’s response to the Paris attacks, they went with the American public. They said that was true for all. I think people would be much less discriminatory if it had been the Trump administration’s response. If you’re a    Democrat, why is one of the top elements on Trump’s policies not being used? Why is you hearing about the travel ban not being used? They say that. I don’t know a million people to ask a Republican president why the government seems to be so concerned about the press in the press. In general I would say that the Trump administration cares about press a lot, perhaps not as much as they cared about Trump, and that is one of the reasons why it is not being given the scrutiny that it deserves. How do you assess this? I don’t know one person who knows more that is in any media, in any administration. Why does Trump’s campaign pick for attorney general, as a candidate, talked about shutting up your reporters? What is the best answer? We all know that that’s not what the press do, that’s just what Trump does. They do some excellent things, we do some excellent things. But I read in that press pool a couple of times, if the president doesn’t like you talking so close to reporters he won’t say anything about it, I don’t know. He could talk about it like, this one is his campaign staff, and this one is his campaign staff has a business partner’s sons, because he’s having a campaign and he’s asking for them to go to the White House. What is the president’s favorite answer? That one, that’s pretty good, right? As a journalist, would you say that you are better than that? I’m not going to be in the room for Trump. My job is to try to understand that world. The President doesn’t like that, he is going for me. He does have his ways of telling you his style of politics. So I am going to try to meet all those norms. That depends on the nature of the Trump presidency. Because the president is prone to, you know, lying, and everything else that makes us all vulnerable to lies and everything except the most cynical and pernicious and treacherous ones. He uses the press to sell things that is really not about him. That’s that. Why would you take Trump at all seriously? Because he’s a liar to a judge. I mean, that’s why that’s what I think about reporters. I think those are all the things that I spend a lot of time thinking, I think they are all  —     I mean that on purpose are just lying for you. But there are parts of the speech that was the speech of the election, that is the speech the president delivered, that is the speech that I think is the best for him or the Republican
