======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 his president. In the     and    courtroom battle to elect the first Hispanic president, the “Make America Great Again? sticker on my car was removed during the voting. _______ By the time Mr. Trump proposed a compromise  —   which he accepted first, allowing only a narrow vote on a broad immigration bill  —   my Republican friends and I, who had all supported the president, were in a rage over Mr. Trump’s immigration proposals. Because of these, we were unable to do the same thing all Republicans did on a first go at a bill: make it bipartisan. So, we had to do something bold. What we knew for sure about Republicans’ immigration bill was that they were unlikely to do it. As it became clearer that some conservative House members would be unable to back a bill of their own making, we assumed that the House Republican whip, Representative Leonard Lance, would oppose it. But that’s unlikely to happen because Mr. House leadership has set a road map for the conservative, and by proxy, Mr. Trump, with this strategy.  —   which is not to say there’s no hope the bill will become law  —   was Mr. Trump’s chief of staff. So I figured I could pressure Mr. Lance by asking, as an ally at an    conference for   Republicans in Southern California, to vote against the bill. To my dismay, Mr. Lance told me he had been moved by Republican senators’ concerns about the president’s tone and vision. I’ve been telling my friends and followers that we shouldn’t have a   plan for immigration in a White House where the president is tweeting his displeasure about a bill that his own party’s leaders have said would do more harm than good. And yet Republicans did not get the message  —   maybe because, at this point, they realized that they no longer had to worry too much about the president’s Twitter tantrums. Some were quick to distance themselves from the president. One senator, Senator Jeff Flake (Arizona) said it was “clear to me that his tweets were not well thought out? and predicted he would vote against the bill in either a yes or no vote. Mr. Flake has been one of the most moderate Republicans, and he was quick to distance himself from the president on Twitter. “The bill was put in place by Republican leadership to deal with a number of issues,? Senator Flake said. “I am therefore a strong proponent of the bill. ? I was impressed by this candor from the Hill. Even some House Republicans, like Mr. Thornberry of Texas, were open to the idea of expanding the guest worker program to foreign workers. But there’s a reason they don’t need a broader safety net: The    Republicans who dominate the House  —   and the president’s own party in Congress --   are already worried about an economy that needs repairing. And if Mr. Trump gets his way, he won’t be able to get them to do it. When the president says the bill isn’t going to help them, it’s because he’s not already convinced that he’s not a populist. He wants to get on with real policymaking. If House leadership can’t persuade conservatives and rank-and-file Republicans to do the hard work of passing a bill, then it’s not their job.   Republican leaders, meanwhile, have become increasingly worried. They suspect that there’s little chance the president will join them on a grand border wall. Their hope is that he will use the opportunity this bill offers to make a broader push for a tax overhaul a reality. Republicans don’t trust him. They think he’s likely to get it wrong. So they’re going to have to work harder to get him to realize what he’s talking about when he says the bill won’t accomplish the president’s   mission.   is something of a safe haven for House leaders, and if it goes down  —   which seems likely  —   it could open new political paths for them. At the top of my wish list is a new farm bill that was written by Senator Orrin Hatch, Republican of Utah, and Mr. Meadows, the   whip.    to me is not to say President Trump and Congress can’t do this. It’s not to say the White House is wrong. It’s to say that for a strategy driven by party loyalty, if history is any guide, it’s a mistake."<endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Headline:Trump’s Budget Plan Will Get a Significant Push in the Senate - The New York Times
----------
Content:"
