======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 former of the Justice Department’s Office of Civil Rights, said the Trump administration has not looked into any of the other studies cited by those critics. Yet many have maintained that Trump’s executive order will still substantially affect Muslims or their religious convictions, just as the original visa bans did. As a result, the White House could face resistance, especially since the order applies to   visitors coming from these countries —  or those already here. The issue has become particularly potent because it’s just one of many ways the White House presses the president to ban Muslim immigration from an entire region. The travel ban and visa ban, and additional immigration restrictions such as those targeting “honorary? visitors to the U. S. —  such as banning individuals who are U. S. citizens or temporary visitors working in the country on tourist or business visas —  all fell victim to the limits of the executive order, in part because of the fact that each executive order has a different language. While the original ban applied to   visitors   —  in other words, no one from one of those countries even considered getting on a plane to enter the U. S. —  the new measure applies to all incoming Muslim visitors to the U. S. from any point outside the U. S. The White House argued in its legal memo justifying the travel ban that it needed to differentiate between   visitors who come by way of a visa, and “radical? ones. The memo went on to argue that the executive action was merely “prohibit[ing] foreign terrorists,   and   terrorists from entering the United States to engage in their ‘vital process? and would not actually ban Islamic terrorists from entering. But this isn’t correct. Even the radical group that the memo cited has a different legal status than the ones that apply to the people affected by the ban. Even if they are traveling to the U. S. for a legitimate visit, they remain subject to the terms of the visa ban, as long as they meet one of the criteria outlined in the executive order, which are not specifically stated in the order. That’s true, and the fact that the memo doesn’t directly address visitors of those who are already here and the vetting process their visas are subject to doesn’t excuse how the executive order can impact them. Indeed, the executive order itself states that most of the Muslim affected by the order are foreign nationals, including refugees who are “the beneficiaries of and are eligible for political asylum, and of   terrorists who, by the laws of their host countries, may be admitted to the United States for political and humanitarian reasons. ? These are a lot of people who are going to be impacted by the executive ban, whether they are traveling on business, a visa, or for work or leisure in the   countries or the countries that the ban targets. This is a group of people who, according to its website, supports the “  system,? but only once it’s been vetted by the government. This includes all people who are eligible for political asylum, and those who have never fled their current situation. As the memo itself is ambiguous and vague in part —  it might ban Muslims “who would harm Americans by being admitted to the United States? —  its intent is to restrict their entry to the country. And this is true in both official and unofficial ways. Some Muslims targeted for the ban may come to the U. S. looking for work or pleasure, and then they are given special treatment. But for others, the process of getting on a plane is also affected by the order: Some will be sent back to their home countries, or they might be turned away by family members, or be asked to return for   tours. Even if they aren’t a potential U. S. citizen or   or visa holder, the executive order threatens to make it easier for them to enter the country by subjecting foreigners to scrutiny when they are trying to go back and make claims on refugees or visas when they enter the country, or are returning from abroad. The effect will likely be to make it much harder for people to travel without their passports or visas. And this is a problem not only because it will make people more vulnerable, but also because it increases the chance that they will be denied asylum. The executive order targets people from Iran, Syria, and Sudan, despite the fact that any person from those countries can request a travel visa. The order also targets   visitors from Libya, Yemen, and Somalia. Still others are targeted for religious persecution by having them removed from a U. S. visa and put into detention camps, or be deported or be turned back. The order targets   who have valid U. S. visas, but do not have a   visa or a valid visa for another country or   visa or visa. These are people who are trying to visit relatives, for example, or friends
