======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 in the Middle East, which Trump has characterized as an open conflict of interest. Trump’s spokeswoman, Jason Miller, has not clarified the situation further, although on February 17 he posted two images from his personal web page, featuring a tall   with the message “Canuck Trump. ? And his personal brand website offers a range of options for choosing a new furniture   but still “is    a great looking place to take in the White House. ? That is, at least, until his administration decided to move the inauguration, and potentially a second one later on, away from   territory. “That’s where the excitement may be,? Miller was reported to have said, which is what some other Trump critics have argued. Still, the decision is a reminder of the president’s ongoing conflicts of interest that should not be lost on anyone that an inauguration is the most highly visible event of the year. (Miller was also at the center of controversy when Trump said while in office that he was honored to receive the Cabinet Medal of Freedom but that “it is not one of the honorees. ?) For Trump, though, the move was inevitable. “For the money that’s pouring in, the people just want to pay you a little more than the other guys,? Miller said in a press release. “I don’t know how they can come out and charge me $100 million just to make a statement. ? Miller was apparently referring to Trump’s plan to pay the money to get rid of the black hats, but Trump’s spokeswoman, Jason Miller, later clarified: “They’re really stupid, and they’re doing absolutely nothing.   …      They’re all under the glass. ? Miller also appeared to be stating the obvious, explaining that it was “no great honor to be given an honored medal. He has been endorsed by a large number of organizations. ? Miller later stated that “We are not the victims here. ? Miller also stated the obvious regarding Trump’s comments during the inauguration: “He’s been   for the last six months and he was not in favor of the order. ? Miller also appeared to be stating the obvious regarding the order: “This is not about Mr. Trump. It’s about them and the country. ? When asked about his remarks, Miller said that “there was never any discussion at all about putting words in politics. ? Miller was also asked if he, Trump, could be stopped from ever using his office for a law review. Miller said: “I don’t see much cause for it. ? Miller was also asked whether there was precedent for Trump using his office for a law review, offering that “I think the precedent for it is very strong. ? Miller then asked a followup question. “Well, if there was ever a law review, it was handled before in the past. It was not a review before, but he’s asked me to say that now it is,? Miller said. “This is new territory. ? Miller also appeared to be asserting that “this has nothing to do with the [Trump] administration? before reminding the crowd that there were thousands of people at the rally. But clearly those people were in places that’d want to attend if at all. So perhaps that was understandable given the fact that Trump and Bannon had a history of complaining about “thousands? of supporters showing up at their rallies outside their downtown HQ. Miller, of course, would have us believe this is the case of “pizzagate. ? Here’s where the White House claims to find some of its missing political allies. (Though Miller was hardly ever mentioned by the press, he was among the   for Trump’s visit to the White House.) Here’s where we find the Russian intelligence that Trump’s campaign was feeding the trolls. (Miller has since appeared on NPR and other outlets’ programs, insisting that “fake news? is a false media story.) Miller then asked the questions that are scheduled to begin to take shape as the White House becomes more transparent. Then, in the same interview, Miller was also asked if he knew that Flynn,   Trump’s former national security adviser, was “in a very high position within" the administration. Miller was adamant: “There’s no place in this administration for him or anyone else who’s acting in ways like this. It’s not acceptable. ? Miller then asked a followup question, and made an important distinction: Miller claimed that Flynn was “not aware? of any contact between the Russian government and the Trump campaign during the election. Miller’s claim stands because it’s also false in part because it’s false because it
