======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 Inc on June 15, 2014, she will be able to claim to have spent her share of a $1 billion loan, though she must provide a detailed list of all her   investments and income  —   such as sales of land, office equipment and software systems  —   and any proceeds from those sales, according to the filing. She will also be able to claim an interest subsidy from the Bank of America. The filing describes Ms. Alpert’s loan to Deutsche Bank, as well as those with names on them that include Trump Organization managing director and Steven Mnuchin, his campaign chief, and Steven Mnuchin, his deputy, as examples of the kinds of investments that qualify. But those are likely to be covered by the Bank’s capital cushion. A spokesperson for Deutsche Bank confirmed only that it had received the filing notice and said it was waiting for Ms. Alpert to respond. “A   mortgage agreement  —   or any of the investments that form the basis of the filing  —   is not a covered investment for purposes of Section 741,? said Eric T. Werner, a spokesman for Deutsche Bank. “The filing will tell if the underlying investments are covered under the exemption from capital gains tax. ? Deutsche Bank’s filing did not mention Ms. Alpert’s stake in the bank’s flagship lending unit, “which will allow her to claim an exemption from state and local capital gains taxes. ? She has long been considered a leading contender for the job, given that she is already one of the few senior executives without   or finance background. The bank took off some of its shadow banking, including its highly regulated securities, in 2014, when the economy began to wobble. It has aggressively reduced its exposure since. It plans to spend roughly $6 billion over the next decade on mortgage securities and other mortgage goods, in addition to about $3 billion on credit card and other derivative products and about $1 billion a year on legal fees. But the filing is expected to disappoint some senior clients. Deutsche Bank reported record quarterly profits in 2016 that were far below analysts’ estimates. It has also faced criticism that it’s one of the largest brokers of securities it sold last year. While the shares of Alpert and her   were up during the market hour today, they were down after the filing and were down before the company released the filing. Deutsche Bank shares were trading higher at $28. 46 in early trading. The filing comes as major investors and activists are trying to make a case for regulatory changes and legislative changes to curb climate change, and Wall Street has been battered by the market’s political turmoil. At the same time, Trump’s approval ratings are at their lowest in a decade and, in the worst economic downturn since the recession of 2008, the president’s pledge to reverse President Barack Obama’s economic agenda has failed to gain traction. Deutsche Bank will be on edge as the Trump administration weighs its options on a company with a larger stake in China. Deutsche Bank is also fighting an investigation into the sale last year of its   German powerhouse into a Chinese investment fund. Those efforts, it has said, were the result of bad loans made at the time by Chinese bank lenders. “We believe that an appropriate resolution will require comprehensive investment financing, including divestments of equity interests and other   business, on a full and complete basis,? the company said in a statement this month. That was on top of the $220 million that Deutsche Bank took on in bad debt during 2016, a number of which it has apologized for. “However, we continue to be pleased with the performance of the Deutsche Bank business,? said Douglas M. Grapp, the chief executive of the   lender. “Our strategy remains to build on this solid foundation of fundamentals, while continuing to monitor the environment and support our customers and their needs. ? He said his decision to take the job would be based on “the results of the ongoing investigations by the Government on misconduct at the bank and its affiliates. ? The Trump administration and congressional Republicans have vowed to tighten Wall Street regulations and seek new taxes and other penalties to pressure Wall Street companies like Deutsche Bank to become more accountable to investors and to make changes to the financial system. The chief financial officer of the U. S. bank, Jay L. O’Connor, wrote in a note to clients last week that the federal investigation of Mr. Alpert was “a top priority? for the new administration. Mr. O’Connor’s department has begun looking into the bank’s practices, which include how those practices are conducted and whether senior executives take steps to curtail them, according to people familiar with the investigation. He will have no further comment on the latest filing. A spokesman for Mr. Mnuchin declined to comment. Investors were largely upbeat on the new offerings. The total market for Wells Fargo stock was little changed
