======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 spokesman by a statement after he was reported for the same thing."<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Headline:Russia accuses Trump of treason: sources
Content: "NEW YORK (Reuters) - Russian President Vladimir Putin said on Wednesday that U.S. President Donald Trump was a traitor for questioning the 2016 election when he spoke to reporters, and said Washington’s administration was at the highest level of the Russian government since the 1990s, as the U.S. has in the past accused Moscow of meddling in the U.S. election. “He should be brought to the Kremskom Court of arbitration for its illegal behavior,” Putin gave a televised address to the Kremskom panel, after asking the panel to take an opinion on “in-kind transactions” by Russian government-owned businesses in the United States. Putin did not provide details about the Kremskom case. The hearings  will examine whether and how the U.S. government, led by its  leader, Sergei Lavrov, cooperated with Russia. Putin said the U.S. Congress has established a process to assess whether Russia is a supporter of Vladimir Putin “at every and no level.” He said that the American government  has created a taskforce that “will analyze the full background situation in Russia.” The taskforce will be led by members of Russian government circles or individuals. He said the U.S. government will use experts of the intelligence community to examine the background of Moscow’s allegations of U.S.  interference in the United States election. The panel will also ask whether the State Department cooperates with the U.S. justice department, such as the case of former diplomat Daniel Coats, who was questioned last year by the U.S. intelligence community over allegations of espionage by Russian spies. “If that is the case, all this stuff will be analyzed as an unprovable case,” Putin added, adding that the whole country was under attack and the security situation was  at the highest level and dangerous. “All information systems in the United States must be open, but they must be open to the use of the tools the authorities use. We, the people who work in this task function, will help, in the name of national defense concerns, make this work,” Putin said. He said the taskforce had not found any evidence of improper dealings by Washington,” which he accused Trump of engaging in an  open-ended accusation . “The purpose of all this effort is to correct our mistakes and make the United States work to correct the security situation in Syria,” Putin said. He said the U.S. government had been accused of interfering in the 2014 Ukrainian uprising. “In any place where there is unrest and violence in Russia, there is an expectation that the state and people have to pay money to the government to protect them from the enemy.” According to a transcript of the Kremskom hearing, Trump has discussed a deal that would make Russia economically dependent on the United States rather than on Russia’s ally, China, which has sanctions being imposed on China for its alleged interference in China’s affairs. The government could use such a deal to negotiate new energy deals and trade deals, and put pressure on Russia, Putin said. “I don’t care how long it takes and everything that takes, Russia will be able to do.” Putin added that the United States should use Trump’s case to “raise questions” about Trump’s foreign policy, saying there was “no one questioning,” when he made the accusation. Putin said there was “a dangerous escalation” in relations with Russia. On the issue of Ukraine, Russia announced an agreement with Ukraine on Wednesday, but the pact, which is yet to take effect, is not yet clear as Trump has not released his tax returns. Obama has not criticized his former secretary of state’s decision, and Putin said that there is no question that Obama and his successor could make peace with Russia.  Putin and U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry in a joint statement made Putin an “unprecedented  man of the future,” saying the White House would not go away, and urging the U.S. Senate to “seek the cooperation of a strong, enduring Russia-U.S. system of cooperation.” Washington has accused Russia of “active measures” and sent a letter to foreign officials ahead of Obama’s trip to Moscow on Wednesday, accusing Russia of trying to gain influence in U.S. politics. A White House official said Obama’s trip would focus on what he knew about Russia: potential business ties involving Russia’s state, the use of Russian intelligence and other moves by Russia to enhance its influence across the world. The Senate is due
