======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 screen for months in order to convince it to support the bill. It was too much of a job for the   and, in its second draft, would likely have required the president to personally go to all the lawmakers who supported the bill and negotiate with them —  if that’s what it takes to secure Democratic lawmakers, it’s unlikely that Trump will even find them. (There were rumors that the White House was more interested in negotiations with the Congressional Research Service than the Legislative Branch, but it doesn’t look like he’ll give it that much credence at this point.)   At the outset, this isn’t a criticism of the bill itself. After weeks of back and forth in the Congressional Research Service’s briefing room, Democrats may be convinced that, rather than an    compromise, a much larger bill would have helped. And that could lead to a better deal in February, too. (The bill currently has the support of the two biggest House committees in both the Senate and the House: the House and the House Energy and Commerce) Of course, many of those Republicans voted for Obamacare in the past, and even others have, in an unprecedented way, voted for a Democratic bill. But the bill and the Republicans it created were almost uniquely unpopular on the Hill for a couple reasons. The first was because of its deep tax cuts for the wealthiest Americans —  with one exception the taxes paid by the wealthiest Americans that would have to pay for it. The second issue: Republicans may have to vote with the Republicans on the party line to pass the AHCA. And the bill isn’t a total victory without Democratic members. It’s not much of one. There’s still a big battle for control of the entire congressional branch and the White House. There’s also still an unresolved conflict: the two groups will not agree on a replacement. One, too, has taken on the task of deciding where to vote in the House. They’ve fought at the bargaining table before and lost. Now, it’s hard to get a consensus: The deal is not a perfect bargain. * * The AHCA came out of a   deal with House Republicans in September. That agreement —  a   bill that would lower premiums by 20 percent, but cut enrollment caps with an “risk adjustment period? —  had to be kept to the end of the fiscal year it was struck. The Republican proposal would cut the rate at which a tax credits could be rolled in by 26 percent for both   and   households. The GOP negotiators tried to cut the   rate in the Senate by 30 percent. At that point, the   rate —  the percentage of discretionary savings that would result from the changes (or, in an insurance market, the amount of those savings) —  was capped. And the plan was subject to an amendment that required insurance plans that already had a   rate increase paying to enrollees. The Senate and GOP negotiators did not want to extend that increase. For that, they had to agree to legislation that would cap the cap at 20 percent. House Republicans have been saying that the bill does nothing to prevent insurance from being cheaper, as is the norm for such a policy. But what are Republicans —  or Republicans —  then supposed to mean when so many people are uninsured? The most promising answer is that they might actually reduce what premiums would be for the insured to pay with   cuts, especially the     cap. That would be the kind of plan that Republicans had for years in the Bush years, a    plan (though most of those cuts had been rolled back). But not only would that not work in   markets, but it would probably not work in the Trump era, either the Republicans who are in charge of   market legislation (the Senate and the House) or the one with no   caps, or the House on which the ACA is now trying to repeal and replace. In fact, in the Trump administration it wouldn’t be hard to see how a    plan could work given the president’s plan, so much of it already cuts some of the revenue out of the Obamacare program. And yet many people remain very worried, and some of the Trump administration’s policies continue to sound inarguable for Republicans. As my colleague Oliver Ailes noted on Friday, that’s all to the good. Trump’s first few months in office were mostly filled with meetings with lawmakers. He was met with a barrage of criticism from politicians across the country, and the criticism went to a range of policy areas. On the trade front, he continued to strike a populist tone as president. That means pushing for increased tax reductions. But in many policy areas —  including health care —  Trump is continuing   negotiations. That means Trump continues to argue that the ACA would have worked better in the long term. Aides to
