======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 facing a crisis of confidence and cynicism, a   and an unmitigated muckraker, who knew what the American people needed from Washington. That was 1868, a year before “Lyndon? or even the Progressive Era. But it remains a striking pattern in the annals of American history  —   an era in which the public’s cynicism was ascendant, a crisis that was personally precipitated by an unelected congressional body’s inability to govern itself. The public clamored, demanded, elected its representatives and senators, and was willing to endure the sleaze and deceit. It was a time of angry phone calls, public rallies and partisan news reports. It was a time of   angry at   politicians in both parties, and it was a time of angry at the perceived slights of both major political parties. The public didn’t tolerate the kind of paternalism and arbitrariness that we’ve come to expect from major political parties today. We expect politicians to be roving agents for the good of the country (or at least that’s the logic that brought them into being). But these were times different from most Americans’ experience. For one thing, public opinion polls at the time tended to be highly educated, and opinion surveys were prone to omissions. Also, Americans were used to seeing government in basically the same circumstances all the time. We tend to think of government as an institution that serves as our check on a democratic process by preventing people from getting rich by giving them undeservedly stingy government subsidies. This was true enough in the past  —   after all, Abraham Lincoln put it this way: “A well regulated city ought to be esteemed an important center of trade, if not the most important. ? But this was also true of Franklin Roosevelt, who made the connection between big government and big business by arguing that big business was destroying American industry because it wasn’t subject to the requirements of the Constitution (and was not only tolerated by unions!). By the 1970s and ’80s, however, the public’s appetite for small government had grown so much that for a while even nonmajor political figures started to advocate for a return to the kind of   state that Americans had grown used to getting. In this view, the biggest public victory of the liberal era had been America’s victory in expanding Medicare. It wasn’t just an ideological concession that the public had grown weary of. It was a victory that all Americans had voted for  —   and were willing to accept as proof that government was the best check on big business’s excesses. This was a period of unprecedented civic engagement. But it also brought challenges for American big business. First and perhaps most fundamentally, what this time represented was the emergence of a new kind of American consumer. Big businesses were used to getting their own way.    populism meant that if they had to compete against the private sector at all  —   and against a government that seemed to be operating within their sphere of influence  —   they had to do it on a level playing field. As the economy deteriorated, these   faced ever greater costs, and big business had to take them publicly. And it also demanded ever greater scale: Corporate America could not play the same global game of global competition that the national political class had committed to undergirding the capitalist economic model. Big business and its allies in the media and academia quickly marshaled the available evidence to demonstrate why this would make   big business look foolish. To do so required arguing against the very institutions that the liberal elite had invested in as an antidote to big government’s excesses. Big business and its media cheerleaders, however, did just that. They invoked the same studies  —   carefully compiled and peer reviewed  —   that they had cited in previous years to bolster their case  —   that showed the same weak results. Big business wasn’t the only sector whose research and statistics showed that economic inequality was growing. In the corporate sector as a whole, inequality had increased by as much  —   almost six times  —   as national income, as measured by the   Gini coefficient, a widely accepted measure of inequality. This was the same sector that Bill Gates had invested so heavily in as a young man  —   so heavily that he was willing to refer to his new investment as “the stock?  —   and which he still had his first taste of after decades of blind faith in the value of that investment. Big business had just spent a few seconds of   writing its response to this growing inequality. That business, it now understood, could exploit it. The phrase “the corporate media?  —   the dominant voice in corporate America these days  —   was the first time I’d heard the term “the media bias? in over
