======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 concerned you of being perceived as a bully or a liar,? he said.  For Trump’s critics, the first week of his presidency might be remembered for two reasons. The first reason is that Trump’s first week in office is already shaping up to be an enormous public debacle. The second reason is that he could use Trump’s first week to make good on his campaign rhetoric of keeping his promises. In the coming weeks, Trump will be attacked in the media for being  . He will be criticized for his unkept promises about draining the swamp, and will be criticized for the fact that, despite promising that he would get rid of it, Trump has actually left it in place. And while Trump has thus far refused to step aside from a company that has consistently brought his business partners and family down with him, many of the same partners who signed off on the purchase of downtown Los Angeles are going to be at the forefront of opposing the acquisition. They are going to be particularly unenthralled, in an age of a   president, when every administration faces the kind of scrutiny that even the most polished of institutions can’t bear. As Jonathan Tobin puts it in The New York Times: In an age when the rule of law can be a powerful ally for an important   of democracy, taking on a business partner who has contributed to the institution is unlikely to help either company, not least because of the way in which he or she works. But there is reason to believe that Trump’s first week could end differently for a few, in part because of how he has reacted to the news. The general feeling that Trump’s first week is unlike other new presidents is that it depends on the president’s ability to do his work the right way, rather than on his ability to simply execute. In his first week in office, Trump will be tasked with a fundamental shift in the way he has conducted himself not just in the White House, but his business career already. As my colleague Matt Forde wrote, the president has been criticized for making a series of decisions that are still inconsistent, but rather, the way presidents are expected to perform in the White House, not just at their annual news conferences, but rather, by calling out certain Wall Street or corporate leaders that he perceives to be lying to the American people. Already, Trump has done more than enough to set the tone. He has continued to speak out on many issues that the nation’s economy depends on, despite both the facts he’s based on and the evidence he presents. So, if you’ve been feeling down and bothered by the news, feel better now —  you’ve found your cure. Otherwise, we look forward to what you, dear reader, will write about us in the coming weeks."<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Headline:Why Is The Internet So Afraid of Donald Trump?
----------
Content:"This is just in case. The                   (also, it seems to be going off in Vegas…)   ,   : A group of cybersecurity researchers published a new paper, titled “Malware. ? The paper describes an example of a malvertising campaign in which an ad for an “unknown online credit card? appeared to target customers of an online dating service. The ads, according to the researchers, are designed to load malware onto a device using an Adware application called AdwareExplorer (adwareexplorer. com). In this case, the hackers were loading malware onto their own Android phones as part of a campaign called My Favorite Droid. The malware, as the authors note, is free of the                (or alternatively, My Favorite Droid) software. They’s been using it on their devices for years, and have seen a fair share of malicious software. The authors write that the malware —  which hijacks an Android browser process and displays fake news on the screen as the result —  is a combination of sophisticated online campaign technique, browser exploits, and the use of adware or otherwise malicious software. “Each of these techniques presents an opportunity to the cybercriminal for new ways to commit cybercrime,? they write. “They have shown how sophisticated cybercriminals target devices with just the slightest configuration of a system. ? Perhaps most troubling, though, is that malvertising is often a fairly straightforward operation. It’s certainly no secret to people that their phones are being used for nefarious purposes, but how the malicious software gets into your phone can cause some serious issues. And even more worrying, is that there’s no way to know who is behind each scam. “This approach to malvertising is actually   because it can only identify the most probable malicious code,? the authors write. “
