======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 rest for a while. “I don’t know how to do it. ? It is not unusual for some Americans to spend a month or two out of their pay check with no money left, though in this case, a spouse or partner left at home is often more fortunate, according to some analysts. A spokeswoman for the Department of Labor, Amy Krein, said: “If a person leaves the entire household, no matter what their reason, that person would be in serious trouble should they not be able to work. ? With every household member getting a check, it would be nice if Americans could just say “yes? to some kind of payment,? Ms. Krein said. “It can give you peace of mind, and helps reduce the rate of unemployment. ? In this case, it sounds like a lot of work: the employer’s contributions might come to about $5, 000. But many experts say it is quite easy to take advantage of that $5, 000 to help others. “Every day, many Americans work for themselves,? said Michael J. Posner, president of the Commission on Presidential Debates. “They do the things they can’t do for themselves. They do the things that are in their own interest. That is incredibly helpful because we are all working together to get your money. ?"<endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Headline:"The Stork in the Cockpit, and Other Observations - The New York Times"
----------
Content:"The New York Times has some great features on its front page: its flagship column, “What Would Karl Marx Do?, is a thought experiment. As we walk through the hallways of a courtroom, how would Karl Marx, the 18th and 19th century Russian revolutionary, fare? The case of Alexander Skvortsov, which is currently before the U. S. Court of Claims, illustrates the curious dynamic of Karl Marx and the political world we live in. Mr. Skvortsov, who has been held in custody since the end of 2013, could end up in a U. S. prison. He is accused of leaking documents of a trade union dispute in his home that could put Russia back on the U. S. government’s radar screens of trade union organization. Here are some observations about Mr. Skvortsov and his case. The Russian Communist Party, the party that ran Mr. Skvortsov, has also been at odds with Russia’s   and   elites, who have pushed to expand   into Russia’s vast labor market. Mr. Skvortsov, who worked in construction, had been active in the party for years, serving as a spokeswoman for a 2010 regional congress that included representatives representing most of Russia’s 15 million industrial workers. But his role in the party’s   had been growing under President Vladimir V. Putin, and more recent experience has made him stand out. When his father, Sergei, was assassinated in 2013, an    blamed it on the Russian government. Mr. Skvortsov, who has no formal government post and has been in the local police force for 10 years, stepped in to fill the void. The case in Mr. Skvortsov’s case, which is still under investigation by the New York Police Department, is different than the one involving President Trump. Both involve allegations of collusion between the Trump campaign and Russia’s actions during the 2016 presidential campaign. Mr. Skvortsov was arrested before last year’s election. He pleaded guilty in January to lying to the FBI about the source of the email from WikiLeaks. But the case has yet to go to trial. Both men are not accused of having connections to foreign government: Mr. Skvortsov’s Russian prison record is out of date, and he is on supervised release. Mr. Trump’s alleged ties to the Russian government have long been in the news, but the case involving him is particularly fresh. It revolves around a tweet that Mr. Trump sent on March 5 that asserted that he was “a victim of leaked information? from former WikiLeaks source, “a hacked Sony System? and a “tremendous. #FakeNews. ? The tweet was deleted but subsequent messages showed that Mr. Skvortsov was contacted on Twitter by a hacker named Guccifer 2.0, posing as someone who claimed responsibility for the hack. The message had been deleted, but the hackers retained control of Mr. Skvortsov’s website, with a source that could have provided them with the passwords to gain access. Mr. Skvortsov said in court to be at odds with Mr. Trump. The real dispute at hand, however, is not the content of Mr. Trump’s tweet, but what it is with regards to Mr. Skvortsov
