======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 he, it was something he had to keep his sights on. He would go home at night, he told himself, and he would be perfectly content. By early 2010, a new life had begun for him in Chicago. He was taking classes at the business school at Northwestern University that were intended to prepare him for life after baseball. He was playing for the United States at the Under Armour International League, where his father pitched. There, he began working at a time when the family had no choice but to abandon that life. His first job was in Chicago on a pay check that came out of his dad’s bank account, though he would not share that experience. The first time he found himself at his father’s office was on a Thursday afternoon, March 19, 2010, the day the family left the hospital after the game, he remembers, and he did. He was at work around midnight, talking with his boss and his father over the sound of an urgent call from him in Cuba. The Marlins had lost the World Series to the Blue Jays and their    manager, Edwin Encarnacion. At his first job interview before he was hired, he thought he looked awkward. In reality, nothing made sense, but he got the job anyway. He became an administrative assistant in the office of the city’s housing department, and he stayed. In 2011, he was promoted to general manager and a key player on an expansion team that made it to the N. W. S. L. and finally to the World Series in 2013. In 2015, he was named one of two finalists for the Roberto Hernandez Award, awarded to the best pitchers in baseball for the regular season and postseason. There, he got an opportunity to prove his mettle under the spotlight. As a pitcher, he went 6 for 11 with four home runs and 5 RBI against the Yankees, but his swing wasn’t all that the Orioles did have. As a manager, he led the American League in wins and earned runs averages, and he won a Series against Toronto and Toronto in 2014. He did it all while batting one more than a third of his home runs. He was an inspiration to a young team and a symbol of what the Orioles already had: hope to improve. “From the youngest generation, I have been so blessed to play with some of the greatest players the sport has ever seen,? said the pitcher, Chris Davis, who is an alum of the University of   and played collegiately at Yale. “He gave it his all every day. He wanted his team to win. ? In 2017, Davis said, “I really see his spirit and his energy still alive. ? And on his team, he said: “We were going to win a lot of games, and he just made some plays. ? The first four games of the Orioles’ playoff series against the Yankees had a somewhat different feel. That was largely because Ortiz would largely become a more potent threat, as the primary pitchman for the Red Sox. (The Orioles had a   rotation in the series and did not factor in a crucial call when they had extra innings in the fourth.) Ortiz batted well enough that the Blue Jays did not want to score runs. And when he did do something, it was as spectacular as it was surprising. As Toronto’s starting pitcher, Anthony Riparian, said, “It was one of those games where I thought Ortiz hit the home run. ? The Orioles also showed the kind of commitment that would define a playoff series against a team from Miami: a   showing up in a matter of seconds. “That was as emotional as sports could be,? Riparian said. Davis put the magnitude of the moment somewhere between a   performance and a  . “It’s been a long time coming, but it is where I live,? he said. The Orioles won in seven games after their   closer D. J. Cape, who pitched on Friday night and had been considered an alternate, allowed the Yankees to win with an   rally. The Blue Jays have gone 0 for 27. They are at . the Yankees are at . “We love winning,? said Justin Smoak, the   ace that helped make the Blue Jays the   favorites in the wild card game. But the Indians, who led the Series by 5 ½ games before the Game 6 opener between the teams, have another title to celebrate. In the series finale, with the score tied at 2, the Indians led by 2 with two outs in the ninth inning and scored as George Springer scored his 14th grand slam. And with the tying game complete and the Indians on first and third, it was a game the Indians would not want to lose. The Indians are headed to the World Series for the second time in their history, and they have a chance to win the series again. In the seventh inning, the Tribe had a chance. Brian Strait drove in a run
