======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 Tokyo, China and Hong Kong, with China as the largest buyer of aircraft at the Paris air show. In 2014, Airbus stopped buying Boeing aircraft and instead purchased two Airbus jets from New Delhi for about $824 million, including the A320neo and A321neo, according to a Bloomberg report. Boeing said no more than $300 million for A320neo and A321neo. The plane remains the most productive among its class. Boeing had also expressed interest in A321, but it appeared those talks were stalled. But in the interim, Airbus said on Tuesday that it was withdrawing from A320 and A321 sales and would be sending the A320neo to New Delhi for assembly and deliveries. Boeing had estimated that the aircraft could be built in India at the end of this year."<endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Headline:"Milton Berndt, German Chancellor, Gets Trembling. Merkel Hits Russian Oil Deal With Backing From Putin - The New York Times"
----------
Content:"BERLIN  —   It used to be unthinkable for German Chancellor Angela Merkel to step in the way of her fellow conservatives. And it certainly wasn’t unthinkable for her, standing up to those who were attempting to turn her country into the sacrificial lamb for the Kremlin’s   policy. What used to be unthinkable for the German chancellor was unthinkable for the rest of her life. “I’ve had enough of it,? she told the German newspaper Bürger Zeitung on Tuesday with all the certainty of Mr. Putin. But she was willing to go further, and perhaps to go too far: “I’ve been accused of being complicit by my friends, of being a traitor, of being a liar. ? As a former member of Parliament from the Alternative for Germany party and the parliamentary candidate for the European Parliament, she did not need that to know this was a rhetorical ploy and not an indictment of her party, which had been in power less than three weeks and now was in the midst of a national election campaign. A grand coalition government, she told the paper, could not be made up of the other two German chancellor’s conservative deputies, Gerhard Schröder and Franz Müntefer, who were not running in the elections, but of her fellow Alternative for Germany supporters, who chose not to run either the national or the presidential elections. It was hard to see how this could possibly happen, though Merkel’s supporters insist she is not about to impeach her   party or change the constitution for an election. When the Alternative for Germany party was still in power in Bavaria in 2013, she gave the Bavarian   and its candidate for the party’s leadership, Alexander Wulff  —   and those implicated in his candidacy, and her own, had withdrawn from that party and were not even on trial on Monday to that of them. Now on Tuesday they were all being tried. The trial of Michael Stuck, one of the leading investigators, was the first of three already underway in the three countries. The German news portal Spiegel Online reported that Stuck was arrested on Dec. 13 while he drove a rented Porsche through Munich in a rented dark-colored Porsche 911 and was later found to be the head of the National Directorate for the Investigation (BNDB). When the BNDB’s own former deputy to Berlin, Wolfgang Kämpfe  —   who was then under house arrest (now in an immigration detention center in Munich) —   was arrested on Wednesday (his wife, also a witness in the case) on charges of being an accomplice, including an allegation that she had been working for the Russian intelligence services in the guise of an investment banker. The trial was to begin Tuesday and has just started. The BZDN news site said that the German judicial tribunal had been summoned on Thursday to consider the indictment of the other two men as well as the parliamentary candidate, the former finance minister, Wolfgang Sköderbuh, and several others. The three men were the prime suspects, according to the paper, and the leader of the Alternative for Germany, Stuck. But why did they do it? What did they do? Prosecutors in the three countries charged against them, according to the Spiegel Online story. They might have been acting under pressure from Russia because then the U. S. intelligence was coming to their headquarters about Stuck “s activities,? the Spiegel Online article said. Stuck is a fugitive and investigators in both countries were trying to find him. No one could have been more certain. In the New York State Attorney’s office and at the New York police academy, where he studied law, did not take note of such an indictment, an investigation was initiated and as the investigation was being carried out at the state level a member of the party had to be recruited through them to conduct it, the report said. And
