======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 at a restaurant and a   at a dance party. ?"<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Headline:"The White House’s Strategy on Health Care Could Put Insurers at a Significant Loss, Too"
----------
Content:"The Republican proposal to replace the ACA would result in several million fewer people with health insurance in 2026 if the bill passes, according to a figure compiled by the Commonwealth Fund’s   program. The estimate is still less than half of the roughly 14 million people who would have remained uninsured, and the number could rise even higher since the bill as written largely eliminates the tax penalties associated with the individual mandate. But even at its lower estimate, the Republican bill sends insurance markets into a tailspin. In fact, it means that the current set of exchanges would be substantially more stable and affordable, because they would all have the same outcomes. The latest batch of projections are stark. The McKinsey Center estimated that a major expansion would mean that between 19 November and 31 March 2017, roughly 4. 1 million people in total could remain uninsured,   in the three states that would lose coverage under the House proposal: Louisiana, Alabama, and Mississippi. The estimate also assumes that the states would opt out of the requirement that health plans cover maternity care,   care,   treatment,    care, and preventive services for people ages 21 and older. The report does not consider the many other “ ? plans that already exist in the private sector —  namely, those in Alaska, Colorado, Maine, Nevada, New Mexico, North Dakota, and Ohio —  in addition to those in which people are limited from buying insurance according to their age. (The report estimates that between 2. 1 million and 5. 4 million lives would be covered if those plans had been in effect in Hawaii, which would be covered by the   policy.) As a consequence of allowing people to buy whatever plan they want, the projections make no attempt to untangle the interplay between plans, policies, and individual legislators. According to the report, nothing prevents the government from mandating coverage for all or most Americans, whether they are older, sicker, or sicker people with a job, and it’s certainly not at least unlikely that such a scenario would be expected in states that are left without comprehensive plans. But, like many other areas of economics, the interplay between health care and taxation is less certain than is often appreciated. For one, it’s true that, as the Kaiser report notes, existing plans in places like California and most of the country afford little or nothing for many Americans with varied health and access needs. For two, even if the GOP bill becomes law, there is no reason why it can’t become a major piece of local policy, which makes it far more politically palatable for GOP leaders to pass. And, in the third, it’s also not politically hospitable to anyone trying to cut taxes in the private sector, because a reduction in the private sector’s ability to pay for private insurance could be offset by higher taxes “by     and   effects. ? This is in complete contrast to the oft said and oft proven the common good of Democrats trying to enact their preferred legislation and Republicans, not so much. As one reader summed up the politics of repeal after the repeal bill failed on Wednesday, “The real shock is coming out of the realization that the Republican Party itself would be propped up this way. ? No, really, the Democratic Party is propped up, as it often does, by a president and a party leader who are fond of shooting the president in the stomach, reminding him of the times they killed and drinking Red Bull and telling him that they paid his damn, in the   sense, and who could blame them. That this dynamic is playing out is hardly unique to Washington or even the White House. And it underscores a third fact concerning the way Washington’s   bill turns out in the   era: that the people who get blamed for any bill that looks too large and might pass fail may not like the people who get to blame for its failure. The bill, which would repeal many of the Obamacare regulations imposing on private insurers to limit the amount of health insurance plans can cost as much as $20 billion, and in the new environment of a rapidly shrinking insurance market, it is likely to deteriorate at the same way. This is, not to mention, a position that President Trump seems to have exploited well. As Vox’s Jenny Friedman summarized, “Trump’s presidency is full of charges against the opposition party, and his signature health bill becomes the ultimate check on the president. ? This is all well and good, if you are, say, the House Freedom Caucus or the president himself. But the problem for Republicans is that their bill ultimately makes it far more unattractive for GOP governors to stand behind their constituents,
