======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 hoping for a different approach to the   issue for President Trump. The president is not the first to ask the military to execute what could be called “routine operations? like Tomahawk cruise missiles in Yemen, an action that, after much controversy, was not authorized by the Obama administration. The “normal posture? for a U. S. military campaign in Yemen is to kill the enemy, but that requires U. S. military advisers in place. Those troops, as you know, usually are very busy, but not usually very good, on both sides of the issues and have to be pushed out of the way sometimes. And if you have a strike somewhere in the middle of this massive global struggle, you have to make sure you’re taking it and you’re not giving them a needless risk. ? * * * In fact, the United States doesn’t really take much of a risk when it goes after something that’s not technically ours. “It’s probably a good, strategic idea,? said    Donald Trump. “It’s not really a risky operation, they’re in fact a little bit of their country. Sometimes we are also entitled to some damage from those who support or have given money and that’s paid for by us. ? Donald Trump added: “It’s certainly one of my favorite things to do. And I’m thankful they took the lead. ? “That’s what I feel a lot of the support is really for,? Donald Trump said. “You know, the reason I was successful is because I didn’t think that people were going to give a damn about what happens to our country.? It’s an idea that Trump and his staff have embraced, which is why things happen, they were going to be successful. That is the way they think of their successes. It’s why they think there’s such popularity and people are willing to go along with this kind of stuff. ?   “I do have respect for the work that they put in,? said Donald Trump during his victory speech. “And a lot of people do respect for the way I have done business and I’m proud to keep doing things that I believe in. I have nothing but respect for them. ? That can be expressed by his choice of words and actions, but especially when it comes to his own administration. Trump has been criticized because he continues to insist on being President, something he no one else in his office has ever done in his first few weeks in office. He continues to seem more confident about it despite being criticized for saying as much during his inaugural festivities. (The State Department denied that the men “hung out] to celebrate all the way to the White House. ?) A    person with direct knowledge of the Trump administration’s thinking who spoke on condition of anonymity for professional reasons said Trump is still not happy with the way things are going. That person said Trump’s most reliable boosters are Steve Bannon and Stephen Miller. “Steve Bannon has basically told ‘Don’t take it personally it’s the right thing to do’ to go and talk about some of the things that are a little troubling that might be happening as a result of some of these leaks,? said the person who was not familiar with the White House’s thinking. “Miller? added that “I think his team,   …    is taking a big risk. ? According to someone who is close to Miller, a lot of Miller’s supporters at work might actually be looking forward to a lawsuit against Obama for potentially discriminating against them in future hiring decisions. If Miller takes a legal stand, he is not in favor of President Trump, and it’s not clear how far that is from reality. Miller is also very sensitive to the consequences of his actions coming out just months before Trump’s election. This is a person with knowledge of how Washington operates, having built and promoted Miller for years, and even onetime advising him. Miller may yet lose a lawsuit, but his job is pretty safe. His job is to keep Trump and his administration in the war games. The White House’s job is to provide the    excitement of battles, not to play them out in real time. Miller has to keep the trainee president —  or someone close to him —  on the winning side of any future fights. To do that he’s on a   to stay as busy as he can so Trump and his staff can keep enjoying the victories he’s earned."<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Headline:The Importance of Going to College
----------
Content:"While a 2016 article in The Washington Post noted that, since 2000, tuition at elite colleges has quadrupled
