======== SAMPLE 1 ========
’s   Mr. Trump, who has repeatedly promised to “get with the program,? if he does not repeal it. In a sign of how the legislation’s fate could be complicated by Mr. Cruz’s obstinate primary opponents, the senator from Texas, Senator Ted Cruz, who sought the Republican nomination, is running in a safe Republican district but with a   superlanthed by a strong conservative  —   Senator Ted Cruz, the candidate Mr. Trump endorsed for president this summer. If the measure fails to clear the Senate, it would be left for Mr. Cruz to worry about. A majority of Senate Republicans say they are not interested in a repeat 2016 election. But Mr. Cruz told reporters in his Texas ranch last week that he could live with having another candidate ask whether he is really in the majority. If the Republican Party has a nominee with a superlanthed base like Mr. Cruz has demonstrated the ability to rise above the fray in a few races, that is surely one prospect. But the prospect of a contested convention next year is a problem for the party. “The way to do things is to have a nominee who is very   and is focused in November, and we have the candidate that will come to town to try to take the mantle,? said Tom Barrack, a member of Team Cruz. The last contested conventions were the 2012 election and the 2008 cycle. The odds in favor of a contested convention next year are about 1 percentage point at 5 percent, compared with 6 points for Republicans who chose to support the eventual nominee, or to take on the mantle Mr. Romney earned in 2012, the record in delegates earned by Mr. Obama or John McCain, the 2008 Republican nominee. If the Libertarian Party comes within a point of capturing the   candidate prize, Mr. Johnson, who is known for   ideas, will not be at all worried. “If Trump pulls it off, he’ll be embarrassed,? Mr. Johnson said. There is another prospect he was more skeptical about: The possibility of some convention to choose a nominee that could end up, like Mr. Johnson, endorsing Mr. Trump’s eventual running mate, Gary Johnson, the favorite for the vice presidency in 2020."<endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Headline:U.S. Moves to End ‘War on Women’ - The New York Times
----------
Content:"WASHINGTON  —   As the Trump era comes to an end, an issue that the nation’s biggest news organization has waged a war on for decades has been moving sharply into its center: women in politics. A national survey by the public opinion research firm Public Opinion Quarterly has found that Americans increasingly view their place in the workplace as an impediment to happiness, with higher rates of unhappiness with work and more support for women’s rights than ever before in their views on abortion, same sex and the environment. And with two out of three women now legally eligible to vote, the issue appears poised to continue its rise, with Americans now divided along gender lines: 56 percent of women favor paying family leave for new mothers, compared with 45 percent of men. Some 47 percent of women are concerned about discrimination against women  —   especially women of color, who are less likely to have access to the same   rights as their white and   counterparts. That the debate over women’s issues has been moving to the center of national politics has prompted widespread outrage and put at risk efforts to address it. After months of ruckus and tumult at the White House, it landed back home in Washington this weekend, with President Trump’s administration announcing sweeping changes to the Affordable Care Act, a   program meant to bolster   health coverage for retirees and their families. The changes were so radical that some were quick to point the finger at the women’s groups for provoking social disruption. A group of about 600 women, led by Ms. Feinstein, the California Democrat, sent a letter this month to the president expressing their concerns about the way his administration planned to implement the Affordable Care Act. One of their main arguments, they said, was to “put aside the ‘war on women,’ which, with legislation that Congress has passed and executive action that is still being signed, has already sent women to work longer hours and raised awareness about their work. ? One woman who answered the phone at the Women’s March on Washington, who was not allowed to be identified for fear of losing her job if she and her husband did speak, said she wanted to have a federal policy discussion with Ms. Feinstein about the policy. “She just doesn’t have the right audience,? said Sara Alabi, who works at a large private business that offers health insurance through her employer and for a medical device company. “To put it bluntly, she doesn’t care. ? As a result
