======== SAMPLE 1 ========
. The first question to ask when you see these tweets is whether they would ever get fired  —   how soon is next? After a tweet is about to be deleted, who is supposed to delete the tweet? That's just one question  —   you can answer it here. Here’s the basics of the tweets rule, and that includes the fact the user is supposed to be the one that controls the data and the actual action the user is supposed to take in order to delete the tweets. Because an automated program in Twitter is supposed to be acting alone, Twitter still is acting in concert with a Twitter account, right? That’s not a rule about a system. It’s a rule about a Twitter account being able to take full advantage of the Internet, which has given Twitter all kinds of advantages over previous businesses and the government. So that means there needs to be some rules, right? And here’s the most important thing: yes. Yes, they’re right. This rules Twitter. Right? I guess Twitter is    and it can do it. You’re not the president, and Twitter can’t change the Twitter account? No, she is the president. “In case of U.S. Secretary of State Rex W. Tillerson: No use of Twitter account in phone call between Australia and Russia,? the text goes, adding “only after review of calls and Tillerson’s office is asked, which is not a   order. ? When did the tweet use that     order? I’m not sure it was posted yet  —   it used to be a matter of a few days before Mr. Tillerson ever got any briefings from his staff. So he was probably not in office when the retweet was posted. Or maybe that’s why it was deleted without warning. “On foreign policy in the Trump administration, do not be alarmed by tweets about the new administration’s foreign policy. Just be very very careful. ?"<endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Headline:A Tourist and a Pedophile’ at Chatsworth Penitentiary in England - The New York Times
----------
Content:"LONDON  —   The tourist who was arrested in the Philippines has been released at his first court appearance, in which he is accused of carrying out the indecent acts here. The two children  —   a girl and a boy  —   who were visiting their parents  —   were arrested the year the man drove the two to their hotel room in Paris with a plastic blade from a mirror. The judge said that both children were not guilty, but the man, Terence O’Keefe, appeared in court this month to appear as though he was. He was arrested last week on suspicion of indecent assault, possession of child pornography and making a false threat, the Metropolitan Police said Tuesday. At the time of the incident, he was a member of Parliament, according to his website. In the latest episode, the authorities said the man was charged in what they called the “wider trend?   of offenders’ social networks. “These are the criminals who should be prosecuted, not the   people who will hopefully get just fine,? said Mark Rowley, a police spokesman. “If you’re caught using this against people under the influence, you should get a very expensive job and jail. ? Mr. O’Keefe will appear again on Thursday. His lawyer said yesterday that he was not the man “and no one’s been arrested who he is,? adding he had never been charged. It has become more common for people under the influence to face criminal charges after they are driven, usually by the police, to the stations to be interviewed. Under the latest law, the authorities said they had no obligation to hold a person on suspicion of driving under the influence for two hours in a hot pursuit. But Mr. Rowley said, “The case that they have now shown is a case of what the law says, not what the law says. ? He repeated Mr. O’Keefe’s statement that he was innocent of the charges  —   which was denied by the judge, who was not charged  —   but noted that he was disappointed the police had said they were not pursuing the case. “We’ve been trying for four years to get your name put out,? Mr. Rowley said. “Why throw that away?? A spokeswoman for the police said Mr. O’Keefe had been carrying out the indecent acts for the girl and her boyfriend when they appeared at a hotel in Chatsworth. She said she was later arrested because the police said she had told them where the boy and girl had stayed. Mr. O’Keefe and Ms. Evans, who was not charged, worked together in
