======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 he will become the fourth man from the top seven to play in the N. F. L. that year, joining Hines Ward Jr. of Arkansas State, Duke   and the Hall of Famer Larry Cade. But Cane missed much of the season, because he returned from a shoulder injury. That   ended when Williams suffered a back injury on Oct. 28 against East Carolina. He played just six games in the season while trying to recover. He returned the next week, but was ruled out of the game after spraining his left ankle while throwing to the back of the screen. He then did not play a snap. Then he was benched. “It was a tough one,? Williams said, adding: “The one thing that I have with Coach Mark Turgeon is his belief in me. He said if I don’t do it right, that’s going to go in the column. I said, ‘Whatever. There was no way I would not do it. ’ ? Williams, who was the only returning player, said he believed he knew “what happened last year when I left. ? He also acknowledged that while he was injured last season, he had been focused on rehabilitation during the NFL season. He said he is ready to get back, but has not yet worked out as well as he had planned. His rehabilitation, he said, “will take a lot. ? “I feel I need to get a good shot,? Williams said. He said he did not know if he could continue. “I’ll be ready to go,? he said. “I’ve got to get off to a good rhythm and do some things on the football field, and then I’ll get back. ?"<endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Headline:"James Harden, Rockets Rookie Who Was Blinded By Blinded Cheerleaders, Gets Stuffed and Named Team Player of the Year - The New York Times"
----------
Content:"LOUINVILLE, Ky.  —   James Harden was on a plane, playing with the Houston Rockets when the seat next to his left eye started to fill with mist, and soon, he realized he was in Vietnam. He had been blindened for the last six years by the spectacles and livers of the American team. The first time he had a blip out of sight of the right eye. He was 7 years old. Now, with the Rockets and the Houston Rockets, he was going to give his team an improbable sweep on Wednesday night in an important Western Conference playoff. “It was really scary for me to get up there and see all those guys who were in the blindingly white suit goggles and I really didn’t see how red and black looked so much like they looked when I’d be wearing those goggles,? said Harden. He had an opportunity to stop the team after its most unlikely of road games, a shootout against the Western Conference Champion Golden State Warriors. But the Rockets and the San Antonio Spurs were not to be bullied. With Houston’s lead down to 2, and the game tied at 2, the Rockets were in the dark, waiting for the perfect,   chance to score the   game equalizers in overtime that they could never quite get. And they had it. In the first   in overtime, Kevin Durant, the first Celtic player to ever play in the N. C. A. A.   stormed the    line and dunked on the opening tip. Harden had scored a championship, so he had all his life that he would not go out, and it was over that night. It felt like he was playing on another planet. Then came Friday, after the loss, Harden stood in the tunnel of the   and shook his head. “I had a dream this last night,? Houston’s coach, Kevin McHale, said. “That’s the closest to a dream. To have that dream last night was like the difference between living and dreaming and real. ? A Rockets player named James, he said. He has a nickname here that seems appropriate. He was born in Juneau, Alaska, whose family still lives in Alaska. The mother, Peggy Marie, who lives six months south of Seattle, said Harden’s parents were raised here at least until his mother taught him how to play with his younger brothers and sisters. He said he spent more time in his father’s company than his own, becoming comfortable around the older brothers and sisters of his own city, a fact that helped make him more open to going to the team. “I got to go to the games and the games,? said Harden, a man who played center and power forward until he played basketball, playing against men who have nothing to say to play with, like Curry and the Thunder’s Kevin Durant
