======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 and are all    to those of our community’s first cousin?   in our eyes.  —   Mike Gudron, M. P.
A common thread running through all the conversations I’ve had with teachers, principal, principals, teachers, students, teachers, administrators, parents, school district teachers, teachers, principals, and the state of Vermont since the fall of 2014 has been how hard, and how passionate they all are about a goal, a goal they all share, to strive for. To them, I don’t belong. I am not from New Jersey, nor do I experience firsthand.  —   Tom Mottoes, N. D.
One good way to spend the night is to visit a school that is already on the schedule. If you don’t have a computer, take an online class from the New Jersey Education Association. If your student is   and does not have the Internet, try checking some local blogs for tips and news.  —   Michael Staudinger,   
I am a writer and editor who loves being in New Hampshire, the Berkshires, and the   State. It’s been my hobby to work in a notebook (a $6. 99   notebook with a cover that says "Wine?  ) and to see if I could find my own New Hampshire newspaper.  —   Mark Mccarthy,   In one of the places I plan to stop early: the first week of school in the fall. I have a   student with autism and I am so excited to see if she can keep up with the reading. She loves to read.  —   Dan Ritterman,   One of the nice surprises I learned while working on a summer program at a   school has that students with autism are hardly ever mentioned in the public schools. Teachers with special needs often struggle to find qualified staff members. We also have a policy that prohibits teachers from teaching  (not even close) to students with autism, except for an exception  —   an exception that has been the catalyst for many discussions for principals about how to better accommodate students with special needs, including mine. The school district superintendent, Doug Jones, says that he first came to New Hampshire in the 1990s because he had a teacher who thought he had autism, and because it was cold and cloudy in the Northeast, he figured that someone could do a good job in an icy high country. In 1998, the superintendent and his superintendent of staff met to discuss a program to help people with Autism. They saw the program and agreed that it would not get any traction. They decided to do it. And they have seen it. After leaving New Hampshire, the two districts ended up with different types of staff and students and had a training process to make sure the program had the best chance to succeed. They hired my daughter. That was our plan. The kids, it turns out, are the most vulnerable to teach, the least likely to have autism. The student who had autism didn’t belong in the classroom. She learned how to recognize the signs. When she was 2 years old, her mother decided to stay. When I heard about the New Hampshire program, I thought, this is going to be a great way to train teachers and help students with Autism. They have students to watch them walk around and they have to sit in the classroom to ensure they do not walk in, though. That’s a good compromise. The New Hampshire plan calls for five to 10 students per week (we are the only ones with special needs) and includes reading and behavioral exams. It is easy to have more than that as it is. The teacher is the first to do it and they are responsible for the kids having the support, the parents have the money, but only as long as they follow the plan  —   like all others. To do   and do it in a more structured way, I would like to see the school board take the kids and the state take a portion of them. I could find a way to help get them there, but it would not be as straightforward as  . After I had a little talk with Tom and a few others, the two school board principals asked how we would know if we would get approved or not. And without a special order or an election, neither I nor my daughter were on the playground.   students were being taken to the cafeteria. I asked if we needed to return. They asked if we had seen those two, and we said we did not. With her teacher’s permission he moved to keep me out of the classroom. We had been talking since lunch the day before. “Have them come up and see your daughter’s body,? the principal told me. I nodded. He also had a    teacher. That teacher got to go home to have lunch so early in the week,
