======== SAMPLE 1 ========
way, a former state senator from Manhattan who is seeking the Democratic nomination for Manhattan United States Senator  —   in theory  —   and will help lead the effort to elect a woman to New York, a rare victory. The vote on which Ms. Ross, 33, a civil engineer married to two lawyers, had been so eager to run for elected state senator, will not happen this time around. On Tuesday, Ms. Ross’s campaign told supporters of a new group in Manhattan that it would no longer seek state office for her as the Democratic Party favored her to succeed Raul Castro on the island of Cuba, a step that would not only leave her politically out of the running for president of the United States but also give her new leverage with the White House. But her campaign declined to say how. In the past, state senators have been a focus of the White House’s interest in state. Ms. Ross, and several others from Brooklyn, Queens and the Bronx, have faced opposition to the idea of running for any public office since she became a teenager in the late 1960s. The notion has been met with skepticism even as New York and the Clintons have visited her home in Jackson Heights, a diverse, impoverished neighborhood north of the Midtown area. (She voted for President Barack Obama in 2008.) Her father, James Ross, made a point of always attending a Clinton rally, even as her mother was not, while her father was governor of Washington. At home and at school, she was taught to believe government had been on her mind when she was a child, her only child even when her father lost the presidential election of 2000. She left school the day he died. The family then moved into a condominium on South Williams Island and sold two of her paintings on eBay. James Ross  —   and now Ms. Ross  —   was able to spend some time with his   daughter, as opposed to her mother, who was focused on her mother’s career. “He was a real mentor,? Ms. Ross said in an interview in Manhattan in the years after his death. “He was a bit of a jerk, he was a great salesman. I didn’t believe that, for the rest of my life. ? But she had to work as hard as she could to get her career back on track. In the 1990s, she received two jobs as a    manager at a brokerage firm. She was the sole breadwinner on the company’s payroll, and the income helped cover her rent and her bills. She had friends who did not believe her was doing well, she said, but their perspective could be changed at work if she was paid more than $12 an hour. “I’m a   person,? she said. “I don’t talk about it very often. ? Some of her friends, however, do. “People say, ‘What’s going on, Rosalyn?’?, Ms. Ross said. “People say: ‘We have to get her.’ ? Her career has continued unabated. “This is all I’ve been able to do to take a step forward into my 15th year of working,? Ms. Ross said. “To be able to talk about it I feel like I have to get through this. ? The next step will be for Mr. Trump to appoint the National Labor Relations Board, which, without Ms. Ross’s appointment, may have no choice but to side with its union to approve Trump nominees. There are several candidates running to be Mr. Trump’s secretary of defense, including Rep. Mike Pompeo of Kansas  —   a former military intelligence officer and Navy secretary  —   and the chief executive of United Technologies Corp. (“There was no bidding war like this on who would be secretary of defense,? Ms. Ross said earlier this month, looking to the Trump campaign and “the Republican chairman in the House. ?) Ms. Ross and Dr. Dre’s son, Teflon, have made the case for them as well, and others are expected to do the same. But Ms. Ross has the edge. In an interview with Bloomberg News, she acknowledged that, in the race for the White House, she had drawn the line at being taken any more personally because she had decided to go public with her story. She also took a calculated risk. Ms. Ross had taken that risk not just to get her voice heard, but also because she believed she was making a statement, she said. “If I was going to run as a Democrat, nobody’s ever asked to talk to me,? she said. “They think I made a statement  —   I was just one of millions of people who was watching. ? She knows that there has never been a Republican elected, and she thinks
