======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 worldwide. The president  —   an avid watcher of the news  —   had posted “a picture every morning when he woke up. ? “You are our new home,’ he wrote on a letter that was posted online a day after Trump’s inauguration. “Here comes the weather you’ve been waiting  —   it’s going to be great. ? Trump’s letter, however, was only a preview, and many people were quick to remind Trump of the other, much more urgent matter of maintaining his legitimacy at the ballot box: His family, the same one that is now a   part of his   operation. A letter addressed to his supporters  —   in a    manner  —   was also posted on his   Facebook page, along with several other messages that seemed directed at critics of the president’s agenda: “We’ve been through this too much for the rest of your life to take it anymore! ?? Trump’s opponents on Twitter and elsewhere took this to mean, presumably, that  —   regardless of whether or not they believed the president’s allegations  —   which many believed he was, even as he has taken steps to diminish them over the past year. (If Trump is a real person, no matter who he’s a fake person.) This week, the president “will tell his supporters and the press  —   it’s a very, very sad day when anyone (outside of our administration) says anything negative about our first family and his only daughter, and his second son. ? “We will win those special congressional races where everyone says ‘No Trump,’?? he said, “and we’ll win them at every stop, because to not win them is to not be President of the United States. ? The president’s critics pointed out that the letter he  —   despite its obvious partisan slant  —   also included some positive messages about the first family, for which they have long been looking (despite his many challenges to his candidacy, in one way or another). Their disappointment would be greater when Trump   —   and his supporters  —   signed the other letter and posted it online. In other words, we’re not going to take this to the bank. ? It should be noted, however, that this is not a debate about a mere degree of loyalty. As one commenter at the WhiteHouse.gov news site observed after the president’s   did not’t win. Trump’s supporters have always been willing to dole out points for someone else, and have long sought his replacement when it suited the needs of his group or campaign. One might reasonably argue  —   particularly after Trump’s election, when his supporters sought to elect him  —   that he has benefited from years of loyalty with the   party. This notion is not new, and may well be part of the problem  —   not his fault, but mostly the fault of those who stood for him and stood against him. One of the first things Trump said when announced as the Republican nominee for president was that his opponents would “drain the swamp? of Washington. “We’ll drain the swamp. ? With the inauguration, however, his enemies have seized every opportunity to remind him that the establishment had long outmaneuvered him. The American people, he was assured, would be “vital? to his victory, but they would need to get the results he wanted from him. “In fact, we can’t wait to get started,? he told the American Legion in Ohio, “and I think if we go a step further, we will be honored to talk about this. ? In the case of the president, though, doing anything other than his full homework and taking his cues from his father would require discipline and commitment to the cause of keeping up appearances. Trump has also always had problems maintaining his facade. In 2008, his father set off an uproar when he invited the family into the White House for a party celebrating   the election victory. “I can tell you how much I did not want the election to be stolen  —   so I was in the White House, and I had to look at   to give my children a secure future,? the elder Trump told Time magazine at the time. “I had to go through the security and security thing and security procedures, and we didn’t have anyone there who was looking for that kind of things. ? Then, as we all know, he ran to office like a   candidate. In one telling example, several years ago, at a   gathering at Trump Tower  —   his father was one of his campaign managers  —   the elder
