======== SAMPLE 1 ========
s the one that’s on everybody’s mind. It’s that we are all part of the family and the community here at   . And we’re in the heart of a community, we’re in the heart of a people, we’ve always been in the same place and time."<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Headline:The race for American presidency is increasingly defined by its partisanship
----------
Content:"A surprising number of voters have now chosen Donald Trump, despite the fact that he’s just one of many candidates to be elected to office whose campaign has relied on xenophobia and whose opponents have insisted he’s a dangerous demagogue. That’s not to say the Democratic party’s choice this week is anything new. As of 6 November 2015, a total of 689 candidates had run for president, a decline of 5% from last year’s 459. Although there were very few women or minority candidates such as Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders, as well as a handful of women who announced their candidacies last week, the sheer number of women who have run and the people they were in touch with has catapulted this election into national policy, as well as into the media conversation. The most significant feature on this election has been the number of candidates who are explicitly saying they’re not in this race, who are hoping to “defend it? and who have yet to really build a life based around it.  Clinton’s campaign has been characterised by   by many of its surrogates, from the   Vermont senator and “firebrand?   Vermont independent Senator Bernie Sanders to the   Democratic former Maryland governor Thomas Perez. In an interview given to MSNBC on Monday, Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton’s vice presidential nominee Tim Kaine said: “We’ve got this and we’re going to get out of here. This is a terrible time for big ideas. If these are ideas to keep an outsider out, what I’ve learned over many decades, to be a politician is you have to embrace ideas from ideas people, particularly in the ideas we have in this country, that look to them like ideas that are not connected to and relevant to the challenges that they face day to day. This is not a problem. “He is not part of the national discussion, he is part of the national reality television universe, and you could see him in there every day, every week. ?  Clinton may be the most unifying of ideas when it comes to campaigning, but she may also be one of the most   to run. Last Thursday in South Carolina, Bernie Sanders, who said his campaign was the “finest campaign yet,? and his running mate, Tim Kaine, laid out their vision for the country’s healthcare future and the American people. In his campaign, Clinton focused on social justice, arguing: “My plan is too extreme, with the left propping up corporate and banking interests and Wall Street, while the right has made a mockery of working families and families making these kind of contributions. ? “The middle class that I want to see empowered grows increasingly, not least in wealth and income.  “At the same time that the black community is struggling to even breathe in this country, the richest 1% in this country is making obscene levels of $  in their homes. ? To her critics, Clinton’s belief in a “  electorate? is just one of her ideological problems with Trump. While she’s said that “I’m an outsider? and called on the American voter coalition to “reach out to the middle class? Clinton’s record of pandering to the   and wealthy has come under growing scrutiny  —   through her years with Obama and her    husband Bill  —   as the senator’s failed   efforts to tackle inequality. “She’s the most indebted   woman in America  —   it’s not just that she’s the wife of the former secretary of state. ? The former secretary of state has never been a populist. And the Clintons’   relationship with the working class shows no signs of healing in the coming months, if this is not one of her major foreign policy failures. Clinton is determined to continue her “ ? agenda, but she’s still far from the only politician who seems to recognize the needs of the middle class: “What we have to be doing is not just talking about the ’s rich,’? she told the New Hampshire Democratic debate in March. “But reaching out to the lower middle class also has to be at the center of the American experiment that we’re trying to resist. ? Clinton is now a   of the middle class
