======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 • The Supreme Court will hear arguments Thursday in a lawsuit challenging the constitutionality of the law. The justices will have the power to overturn an executive order that suspended travel from seven predominantly Muslim nations. The decision is the latest twist in a fraught legal dispute over President Trump’s    executive order that temporarily suspended the entry of refugees into the United States. Above, a line of lawyers and   lawyers during the   arguments for the constitutionality of the first federal legal challenge to the immigration measure since Mr. Trump took office. The ruling comes as the Trump administration has already argued that the measure is needed to curb terrorism. On Friday two federal judges will hear arguments in separate lawsuits by American citizens and green card holders. Justice Anthony M. Kennedy will help the administration contend that the order is needed to prevent immigrants from being drawn into a “suspect list? that is linked to terrorism. By the end of his term, Justice Samuel A. Alito Jr. will be an   justice who will oversee the Supreme Court’s litigation department. Mr. Alito, a lawyer for the state of Illinois, argued that refugees fleeing from war zones cannot be denied entry, and that the government should have the power to block those people from entering the United States. In addition to the Supreme Court, Justice Neil M. Gorsuch is set to become a fellow of the Brookings Institution, and his   team, like that of his fellow liberal justices, has been involved in some of the toughest cases on the nation’s immigration laws. Mr. Alito argued Friday that Mr. Trump’s travel ban was unconstitutional, claiming that the law provides no direct benefit to a Muslim. “There is something in the text that says only Muslims with a    are protected,? Mr. Alito said, suggesting that Mr. Trump could try to limit the potential impact of his order’s suspension of foreign travelers from seven countries. The government was not expected to defend its action in the face of constitutional challenges until after the trial was almost over. But in a statement on Friday, Mr. Alito’s chief counsel, Daniel E. Shapiro, said the court was now expected to decide that Mr. Trump did not act illegally by temporarily halting travellers. With the second legal battle moving forward, Mr. Trump should be able to continue his tweeting while the appeals process moves forward. And then there is the larger question of whether the judiciary was even aware of the possibility of a   Supreme Court vacancy. Late last year, during Mr. Trump’s presidential campaign, Judge Neil M. Gorsuch, while overseeing his employment of Marc J. Elias, a partner general counsel of the National Labor Relations Board, said he did not know whether the agency could hire a new chief. “It sounds like they did not have the manpower to do it, and the ability to do it, and the constitutional responsibilities of running the federal courts,? Mr. Elias, 67, said Thursday at a hearing in the antitrust lawsuit brought against Amicus, a   lawyer representing workers at the C. I. A. and other government agencies. Mr. Elias, who was an   general counsel of the C. I. B. before his   stint, said during the case that he had never considered a vacancy. “I don’t think I ever made an appointment about a vacancy,? he said. “I never expected it. It just happened later on. ? The president is due to be sworn in on Friday at 2:30 a. m. The United States Court of Appeals for the First Circuit is expected to hear oral arguments in the first week on the lawsuit. The lawyers for the plaintiffs, John F. Kelly of the United States Civil Rights Union and the former deputy chief of staff to Mrs. Kelly, said they planned to seek an injunction by the end of the year to continue the lawsuit but would continue it further from the president’s time. In interviews in recent days, both Mr. Kelly and Mr. Elias said, Mr. Trump had acted “exactly in accordance? with the constitutional requirements of the statute of limitations. Mr. Kelly said his understanding of the statute of limitations was to be completed in about three years. He said he had never considered it that way. “The statute of time is, in fact, three years,? Mr. Kelly said. “I don’t understand the difference. ? Mr. Elias, who served as counsel in the United States Attorney's office in Brooklyn and elsewhere for more than 20 years, said some of Mr. Trump’s legal arguments had been “fantastical,? saying that the government cannot cite the Fifth Amendment right against “excessive damages? and to not be subject to the “excessive litigation? statute to stop people from entering the country during the   period before the presidential election. Mr. Elias said that the plaintiffs in the case had argued that the government had a burden
