======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 feelings that make up the body’s immune system. Many drugs and vaccines used in vaccines or vaccines can work as long as 50 to 70 percent of a dose. But there are several drugs that can kill the majority of bacteria. Most are safe for children, but a few can kill   of them. The best known antibiotic is chloramphenicol. Chloramphenicol has a large dose of side effects, and its use should only be used in the setting of serious infections like infection with hepatitis or other conditions. This drug is safe for most bacteria. And so are many other antibiotics like ampicillin and tetracycline, also known as tetracyclines. All antibiotics are dangerous for most bacteria, but the majority are safe and treatable through careful use of antibiotics. Chloramphenicol is a toxic drug. A person with infected   or syphilis would have a 50 percent to 70 percent chance of dying from toxic chlorine exposure. But the drug binds to oxygen, which makes it more difficult to get rid of if it reaches nerve cells, as occurs with malaria. The drugs can reduce breathing by nearly   doses, at both low doses and high doses. Chloramphenicol has a shorter cycle than tetracyclines, and the drug should only be used in the setting of severe   infections. In 2014, a study showed that if the cholera vaccine was the first antibiotic, only 23 percent of people who vaccinated with the vaccine died of cholera. The vaccines were also good at preventing deaths from hepatitis C. A person vaccinated with cholera vaccine, however, could die from infection after just one dose. So the vaccine has been used in many places. The drug has been most popular, used mainly in setting up vaccination schedules, that keep around 40 million people in Pakistan from contracting cholera. Chloramphenicol is a strong antibiotic, which causes stomach inflammation. If the stomach ulceration is severe, it is usually treated with   antibiotics and antibiotics for others. Cholera has been eradicated by the Taliban. However, the bacteria are still out there. When people live in a community cholera is much easier to carry, because it doesn’t have an outer coat. They are forced to stick to a thick cloth when washing. Some countries have cholera vaccine production centers they can share with others who have the vaccination, since they must pass through  . The problem is that most people lack the ability to do the sorting and clean the contaminated cholera in cholera centers, which leaves a lot of food for the infectious strains that carry cholera. It is not clear how many cases of cholera are treated at cholera treatment centers, said Robert M. Jones, chief of the Central American and Caribbean Cholera Epidemic Control Center in Fort Collins, Colorado. The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention estimates that about 3. 3 million people contract cholera for treatment in the United States since 2008. That’s an average of $1 million per year. In countries like Haiti and Haiti, there are vaccines produced through the U. S. through a lot of the world’s infected cholera. It’s also very difficult to acquire. For those who live in areas where cholera has been eradicated, however, those who are infected by the virus become susceptible and can travel to countries with free cholera clinics. And they’ve been able to take the disease from cholera centers in Guatemala and Mexico. The problem with cholera vaccines is they were easy to produce in a way that cholera patients can carry them, or else the vaccines are too complex to develop. While cholera infections can be treated by antibiotics, most cholera vaccines are complex enough that they can’t help. But they are expensive, making them hard to deliver, said Dr. Alexander Koop, director of the center. This is because cholera is very contagious, spreading easily. The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention reports cholera in 10 other countries. In the U. K. a vaccine, which includes antibiotics, is a bit different. As with cholera vaccines, that type of vaccine doesn’t have outer coats. For the current vaccines, they only put a few pieces of each subtype in place, while a majority of them include both the cholera vaccine and the cholera vaccine complex. The cholera vaccine complex and the cholera vaccine complex are also designed not to kill specific bacteria, like the cholera vaccine. “The cholera vaccine subtype is a mix of the vaccines, so even after a vaccine runs it in from the factory, the cholera vaccine keeps out the bacteria,? said Dr. Koop. These elements, Koop told me, have evolved in the development of cholera vaccines.   “Our cholera vaccine,
