======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 adding to some problems. A spokesman for the   company said on Tuesday that production of   and   batteries had actually dropped to  .   battery capacity is now around 80 percent of the total number of batteries that are needed, although the company added that higher total capacity might also be achieved by adding additional   storage capacity. A spokesman for Panasonic, however, noted that its overall sales of batteries and flash sets had climbed. And while that might lead some to believe that more   cells could break or deteriorate, they still account for around a quarter of Mr. Masayoshi  ’s overall sales. In the wake of Mr. Masayoshi’s statements, which were largely academic, Panasonic said in a news release on its website Tuesday, that the production of   batteries was an important trend in its power supply, and that the company was “ready to adjust and improve the way it does business. ? The company’s executives were interviewed by reporters, and some said they felt more encouraged than some about the change in policy. But even in a company at pains to distance itself from a recent history of   batteries, Mr. Masayoshi is trying to influence the way that companies are thinking since Tesla’s debut in late 2016, when Elon Musk, then under Tesla management, announced his intentions to sell $1 trillion in capital to Mitsubishi Motor and the state of California  —   a rare example of state investment in a   company. That same week, Mr. Masayoshi announced the   plans that would make Tesla “a top investment choice? for a maker like Panasonic and the company announced a new vehicle program called “worldwide electrification,? using the company’s battery technology for the   future. Mr. Masayoshi has not been shy about his expectations. He said last week that Tesla “seems to have entered the core domain of what the auto market and automotive industry is about?. Tesla and a few other   companies, including the   Toyota, are investing billions in new American factories, but their investments are small compared to those being made by the   automakers. In his introduction to the Tesla executives, Mr. Masayoshi promised that the global automotive industry still had high growth, but that it had become more diffuse and competitive after they began to push   vehicles. “The world’s most common vehicles like the Mercedes, the Audi, the BMW  —   were developed in China,? he said, “but the automakers were not really taking on the new market like they should. So they sold only car parts  —   not new vehicles like the Tesla Model S, where consumers are important. ?"<endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Headline:Dinner in Crisis as Trump Grows Lonely Over Israel-Era Ties - The New York Times
----------
Content:"WASHINGTON  —   When President Trump arrives in Israel next week he will make his first meeting with Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu as Israeli leaders try to steady a delicate and fraying relationship by warming to their American partners. Mr. Trump and Mr. Netanyahu, who spoke by phone on Friday, will also host an   meeting at Mr. Trump’s club on Thursday night, two senior aides said on both condition of anonymity because the discussion was private. During the conversation, Mr. Trump was asked about the future of the    relationship. “We’ve talked about a lot of things,? Mr. Trump said. “But I think we definitely have not neglected one thing, which is settlements. ? Mr. Netanyahu “raised the possibility that he may be able to establish some kind of communication channel between Prime Minister Trump and Prime Minister Netanyahu,? Mr. Trump said. A senior administration official said the   meeting was still being arranged but declined to comment. The official, who was not authorized to speak publicly, said Mr. Trump and the premier had talked for several minutes. A second senior official said the meeting had focused on the “framework of a new relationship. ? A senior State Department official said a formal announcement was not expected before the trip, but that there had been “a productive conversation. ? Asked about the meeting, a spokesman for Mr. Trump said the meeting was merely “part of his planning for the trip. ? The officials could not be reached on Monday. When asked how he would reach Mr. Netanyahu, Mr. Trump referred reporters back to their previous assertion that they had spoken by telephone, without providing further details, that was the first time he had talked to the premier since his inauguration. Mr. Netanyahu did not respond to requests seeking comment. Mr. Trump had planned an   meeting with Mr. Netanyahu  —   the third one since he takes office on Jan. 21. But Mr. Netanyahu and Mr. Trump had a different plan of   meetings in addition to
