======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 coverage on the president is an important one. The Trump Organization’s continued expansion into new foreign countries and projects rendered some previous attempts at economic stimulus moot, rendering a plan like the one Obama proposed in 2009 —  which relied heavily on corporate sponsors and foreign investment —  moot. Still other initiatives that Trump could pursue that would imperil, or at the very least, question, will almost certainly arise. His recent firing of several top economic advisers and one of his own   appear destined for trial. His efforts to enact policies that contradict established economics may be the willing creation of a resistance party in Congress. And Trump’s decision to designate the Mexican president as “ ? will create a new and further level of friction among the ranks of the   and even some of his own government officials. “The real question is not if Trump might try to move the goal posts,? the economist David Autor writes in his review of Trump’s proposed border wall. “The real question is whether the goal now is to construct a wall at any cost. ? That wall would be built using whatever materials and methods might be necessary to carry it out. But for what it was built from, the Trump Organization will be open to the idea that improvements to the existing one might be made. As my colleague David Graham noted, the president “has done little to change the fact that he won his bid to be mayor of New York City by getting city and federal funding on the cheap. ? The question is, Will Citizens United do damage? Will the Trump Organization get a favorable ruling from the Justice Department? If it does —  and I think it will —  how much revenue will the Trump Organization bring in for the first season?"<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Headline:The Man Behind the White House Twitter Battles Is Donald Trump
----------
Content:"The Twitter Fight Over Neil Gorsuch Is the Show  The Hill  The story here is that Trump and other Republicans had a change of heart concerning Judge Neil Gorsuch in September 2016, after Gorsuch refused, in his dissenting opinion in Bush v. Obama’s   case. As Trump and other Republicans argued for a change of heart, Trump and Senate Republicans, including then Senate Judiciary Chairman Charles Grassley, were unwilling to make the case for a panel. The Trump administration, however, has been waging an entirely different battle on a different front. At the time, Trump and Senate Republicans had been arguing that Judge Gorsuch had recused himself from the Trump University case, in Washington State. While Trump and Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell had been in favor of withdrawing the case for at least the year, Trump and McConnell struck out, arguing instead that Gorsuch was not qualified to hear the case because his previous clerks had recused themselves from the case, and thus the case should be reinstated. Trump and McConnell’s gambit went awry —  because of the strange dynamic of the Trump administration, the case had already been postponed. As my colleague Gordon Chang explained, Trump had ordered the Department of Education to reconsider the dismissal of a defendant —  which might have spared Trump some costs and a few headaches. McConnell had refused to join the majority anyway, and he saw no justification for doing so with that outcome still undecided. The Trump administration was having none of it. That may have been its intention:   but Trump’s fight that day may have cost him an opportunity to do away, at least temporarily, with Gorsuch’s jurisprudence, even for now. In fact, Gorsuch’s nomination has already had a rocky start: Senator Rand Paul of Kentucky denounced it as “a train wreck. ? The vote to approve his nomination eventually broke a blockade meant to block it. On Wednesday night, McConnell announced that at some point between Thursday and Friday, the Senate will vote on confirmation of Judge Merrick Garland currently holding a seat reserved for President Barack Obama. The Kentucky Republican was opposed by all Trump opponents, and every one of the previous GOP nominees except for John Laconia had been opposed by McConnell, who may have had his reasons for pushing back against the   pressure he feels the case is likely to generate. (The Kentucky Republican is currently the chairman of the Senate’s health committee, and he’s expected to soon join the hearings before the Senate on Obamacare.) Trump and McConnell are both eager to argue their case to the public. McConnell did tell me that he has a majority of support in the Senate, despite his imprudence, especially in light of the Trump administration’s defense of his nominee. Trump, on the other hand, is not so tolerant of his opponents’ attacks: Earlier this month, the press secretary Sean Spicer declared in the briefing room that “nobody really knows? why McConnell refused to support McConnell’s nomination. He assured McConnell that he wouldn’t take a “personal hit? on either the president or party in questioning him. (McConnell denied
