======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 after it was in a bad   . On Wednesday, Mr. Obama announced that he would keep “full faith? in the Supreme Court for now and that a broader bipartisan consensus might yet come from the House and Senate, but not the Supreme Court itself. But even if the Supreme Court has now cleared up considerably under their president, there is still a lot of work that needs to be done to move the country forward as a whole. It’s not enough to have Democrats in the majority. If the party remains divided, the next decade could be spent working on the same issues, whether that’s health care, education, environmental protection or labor or criminal justice. And what about immigration reform, Mr. Obama’s signature domestic initiative, now in doubt? Many lawmakers are still uneasy with how many votes they expect, especially with some of the big Republican priorities, like repealing the health care law. At the same time, Democrats are struggling to find unified Republican opposition to the nomination of a lifetime appointment of Judge Merrick B. Garland, even after Mitch McConnell promised last month that Judge Merrick Garland would be “entered to confirm? a Supreme Court seat. The Democratic Party’s problem is amplified by the growing gap between the party’s membership and its power. A small number of organizations with political clout are still worried about the Senate and Mr. Obama, and still see resistance from Democrats on the left and even in the party’s top   factions. And now, with only a   margin in the Senate, Democrats have to try to find their way in the    Senate as well. Mr. Obama, Mr. McConnell and senators from both parties have called their senators for months, in various ways, to encourage them to consider a cloture procedure, blocking any Democratic votes on a nominee who isn’t a confirmed himself before his confirmation can take effect. This week, senators were told they would not be able to do that, which the McConnell and White House are now working to exploit. Republicans, led by the new chairman of the Senate Republican staff, McCarthy, have also criticized the Senate’s rules, calling them “unprecedented? and “unnecessarily burdensome?  —   rules that will force Democrats to hold their noses and vote on a president’s appointments to fill vacancies on other   posts. In response, Senator Mitch McConnell said on Tuesday night that his office “will absolutely cooperate with Republican senators in calling cloture? on all nominees. But the more entrenched Democrats would like more certainty in the party’s position."<endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Headline:Hillary Clinton Says Donald Trump Is Unfit to Head Inaugural Speakership - The New York Times
----------
Content:"Hillary Clinton, in an impassioned speech defending her husband, said Donald J. Trump, in addition to being his   and “America’s first foreign leader,? was “unprepared? for the daunting task of representing this country at an inauguration not just three months away, but two years into a new administration.   Mrs. Clinton, a former secretary of state, went on to say Mr. Trump had “no foreign and no family business, no background in American foreign policy, and no foreign deals and no background in American history. ? “He says and does things that are wildly outside the mainstream,? she continued. “He said repeatedly that he would take care of those that are inside, and he is,? Ms. Clinton said. Ms. Clinton also defended her husband’s speeches, saying they served as a strong, effective message against   Donald Trump. “He was in the room as a president and I was a woman at one of his rallies and I defended him,? she told reporters, using his own words, her voice cracking. “I had the opportunity to see him when he was a private citizen and not as a senator. I was impressed with what I saw. ? Ms. Clinton said she, like many people who watched the speech, believed Mr. Trump was well prepared to be president. “I believe him when he said he was going to be a success,? she said, “and what he said was his plan, his vision and his mission. And I agree with that. ? Ms. Clinton praised her husband’s policy agenda, which includes rolling back the Affordable Care Act and his plans to overhaul health care. “We may lose a few battles against health care, but we’ll win,? she said, using his own words, but “one thing I know for sure is that our economy is stronger today than ever and we have even more choices? on the future when jobs and incomes will increase. “And that’s going to stop when we stop talking about the first recession,? she said. “Then,
