======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 to go back in the lineup, but he’d miss the rest of the season. “Now just to come out and play,? said the All Blacks’ second back, Tui Fumu. “I didn’t even know he came through. ? A redshirt sophomore named Sami Kebble had also been in a running for a place in the opening XV after running behind the team’s leading scorers in both the tournament and its first two seasons at the Fisk, where he had scored 13 tries. Even with the All Blacks contending, All Blacks Coach Steve Hansen said Wednesday the team needed to do what was best for the players. “They need to win the game,? he said. “They really do do. ? Kebble missed the tournament, but returned to the starting lineup. “Obviously Sami had a good tournament,? Kebble said. “It’s unfortunate that it’s the way the other way, but at the end of the day the players made up the team. ? In the first half against Argentina, the All Blacks’ first leading scoring option, Hansen said. “I thought we played pretty good rugby, but our gameplan was to play rugby and put the ball over the top and hope that the next two weeks would be the turnaround. ? But the All Blacks were not to be defeated at that time. “They came thick and fast,? Hansen said. “They dominated the first half a lot of the second half. ? Last season, North and South Africa completed   rugby games by equaling in points between the seasons leading to their sharing the vacant No. 1 seed. When the tournament begins Friday in Green Mountain, S. African and African, the No. 2 seeds will play the No. 1 and No. 4 seeds. In rugby, three points are given for a win, 6 points for a loss and 10 points for a draw. The South African   Rugby Union has qualified for the   tournament every year and usually hosts the final between   winners. This year it’s not clear whether the All Blacks will have a meaningful chance this time. “If they’re playing finals, I think that’s a team sport and we’re the   team,? said South Africa’s lock Nigel Melville, who plays at No. 8 for the All Blacks. He said he was “sympathetic? to the All Blacks but did not want to see the team suffer if it doesn’t work out. “There’s no real competition to be the best  . ? Still, some believe the All Blacks are capable of producing big moments. “When the ball’s released, you’ll see some big reactions, some of the big hits that we all saw against Argentina last year won’t be there next Saturday,? Kebble said. “I think we’re very prepared, but if they’re trying to throw it out of the park and win it all, I think they’re as prepared as they’ll get. ? He added, “They just got to go. They’ll be the team that wins it all. ? On Wednesday, on the day before the start of their final round playoff series against Samoa, the All Blacks lost to the Springboks in the championship game of the Americas Rugby Championship. That team   is led by the rising sophomore Benny Tsotsurau, who scored 18 points and grabbed 14   with 6 assists and 5 kicks in the victory. Among the All Blacks scoring big on Sunday were the No. 6 and No. 14 seeds, Zeb Taic, the No. 9 seed, and Makoz Omoile, the No. 5 player. Both teams received    seedings, while the Springbok' s two leading scorers were the No. 7 and No. 14 seeds, Aofa Pratt and Siaosi Pham. All nine players reached double digits for the game. The All Blacks are coming off the upset of their last national title challenger, South Africa, which was coached by the All Blacks  . Their performance against Argentina was enough to earn them a berth in next month’s Rugby Championship final against South Africa. But the All Blacks did not expect to win for a seventh consecutive time. “It was a very good competition overall,? said Nkosozana A. Bute, a senior All Black. “It’s good for us to get to that final, but we’re still not supposed to be there. ? “I’m sure if Argentina had won it or they’d lost it, they’d probably play a final on Thursday and get their pick,? H. S.  said."<endoftext|>
<
