======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 those are not going to be available for any of their children until they get the better of it. I think this issue is something that we were probably just too shy about, and we did not know we would have to make those changes.   "<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Headline:U.S. government launches Twitter and Facebook service for citizens during Trump visit
Content: "WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. government will launch an online social network for American citizens, including online chats between foreign leaders, on the same day President Donald Trump is visiting the White House on Wednesday, a senior administration official said. The official, who spoke on condition of anonymity because the White House did not confirm the news, said a pilot program would launch on Tuesday, and a full version would soon be in place.  Last fall, social social network WhatsApp announced its own version of a messaging service with the White House’s approval by a White House document, known as the National Security Strategy (NSSP). The proposal was approved by U.S. officials at the time but did not contain any policy changes or guidance about how the new system should be used, a senior administration official told Reuters. Earlier this month the Federal Trade Commission (FTC) and the Commerce Department were in action on Twitter during a visit by Donald Trump, sending a proposal with the president’s approval. Trump had told Reuters he wanted to see new technology developed for American consumers. ",<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Headline:U.S. Senate holds meeting on cyber security cybersecurity legislation after Trump visit to Congress
Content: "WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The Senate on Thursday held a  critical hearing about the cyber security legislation and how it could affect the U.S. military’s future and national security, according to senior administration officials. The hearing was scheduled to begin on Wednesday, the fourth day of President Donald Trump’s trip through Washington. The White House had said that this would be a “  discussion on an overall report on matters relating to cyber security. “The hearing is not at this time expected to be any kind of final vote in the context of a presidential administration,” White House National Security spokesman Sean Spicer told reporters. The House of Representatives on Thursday approved a resolution in that body, with three bipartisan votes in favor, with 31 Democrats in the opposition. The Senate Armed Services Committee was briefed on the issue on Tuesday and said after its visit to Washington that it supported cyber security legislation. But on a concurring note to House lawmakers on Wednesday, a bipartisan amendment to the measure was added. “The committee will meet to discuss the Cybersecurity Act of 2014,” the Senate amendment said. “The legislation will include provisions that support our ongoing commitment to cybersecurity for our nation’s critical infrastructure,” the Senate Appropriations Committee’s ranking Democrat, Adam Schiff, said in a statement. “We applaud efforts to continue to work together to address cybersecurity concerns.” The Commerce Department, a key congressional overseer of the cybersecurity bill and the Congressional Budget Office (CBO), said in a report last month that its cyber-related spending could benefit the Defense Department by boosting its information technology workforce. The CBO report also said Congress needs more information about how to “use the agency’s cyber resources efficiently, as well as their potential impact on the U.S. military’s ability to support its critical and operational warfighting efforts. “The CSC report also emphasized the value of cyber threats,” CBO said. Republicans, who control the White House, are also supportive of “cyber security standards” of the U.S. military’s top brass. “The CSC is concerned that the government is seeking government information from cyber entities without giving the full picture of a potential threat, so we wanted to ensure our leaders understood what the cyber threat is doing and to be prepared to take action.” The Pentagon also recently proposed making the Cybersecurity Act a bipartisan law to improve information sharing and to address shared cybersecurity threats. President Donald Trump, his choice to lead the federal government after former-House speaker Nancy Pelosi took over from former House Democratic leader Nancy Pelosi on Jan. 15, has been a vocal proponent of a robust cybersecurity program and was a vocal advocate of using cyber threat information as a tool for increasing military effectiveness at the end of last year.     ",<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Headline:Trump says he will visit Senate before end of year
Content: "WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump said on Thursday it was “very early to talk about” taking on the United States Senate after President Donald Trump visited Washington on Friday but said in October there were “a number of ways” it would be possible. “We’ve had meetings with a number of senators
