======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 West on a flight, Ms. Leung and some friends decided to get something to eat. When Ms. Leung arrived at her home, she said, she saw a giant poster with the words, “We are one People,? engraved on a huge piece of paper, along with an image of the two women carrying on a bicycle. “Suddenly, she turned to me, and she said all the things she never told anyone about being a victim of the dictatorship,? Ms. Leung recalled in a telephone interview from her new home, referring to the military and political repression under her father. “We took up arms because we were denied food and water,? Ms. Leung said. “People died because they were denied food and water by the regime. ? She said that she had never spoken to people in the United States about going back to China, adding that “none of my friends or relatives wanted to go back. ? After taking the trip, Ms. Leung said she felt free in China. “I want my friends in America to be able to visit and visit my family in China anytime,? she said. “As the leader of that country, I can go back anytime. ? She said she visited some exhibitions and participated in a competition with the goal of increasing awareness “so the government can guard against the negative publicity. ? She said she still had her cellphone, a gift from China. She had traveled alone with her group, leaving the airport and seeing the people in the streets and markets in the northern cities and stopping in the tourist hotspot of Gangwon. “I like America,? she said. “I miss America, I miss our country. ? In a city of thousands, where nearly everyone was drinking red wine and eating pugs in traditional Chinese restaurants, Ms. Leung said Ms. Cheong was the only one among her group who had eaten a typical Chinese meal. “I grew up in a house of people who loved fried rice,? said Ms. Cheong, 32, a student. “We did not eat fast food. ? Ms. Cheong, who runs an academic seminar organized by the Institute for Science and Technology, an independent research institute in Beijing, believed that the Chinese government had been responsible for a growing number of diet failures. “The government is responsible for making people lose weight,? she said. “The government has to play a larger role in helping people lose weight. ? Ms. Cheong was impressed with how the food in the United States is so fresh compared to the food in China. “I am happy to see lots of fresh ingredients,? she said. “For example, we use honey on the egg white molds instead of American honey. ? She said there were few Chinese restaurants serving fried rice in the United States. “I think that there are plenty of restaurants that serve rice next to American fast food,? said Ms. Cheong, who was married with four children to Cho Byun and a      son, Lee  . “I would like to see the government do more to help people eat healthily. I want my children to have a healthy childhood. ?"<endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Headline:"Fidel Castro, Cuba’s Last Castro, Dies: The New York Times"
----------
Content:"Cuba and its people celebrate the death of the last Castro in Bay of Pigs on Jan. 28. Cuba’s revolutionary leader Fidel Castro, 93, died in the city of  . He was a fiery leader who transformed Cuba’s most backward society to an egalitarian, innovative power structure that brought prosperity and security to the island’s poorest and most hopelessly rural communities. “History is repeating itself with him,? said Mauricio J. Rodrillo, the author of “In the Shadow of the Pyramids: Revolutionary Cuba. ? “History will judge this as a great humanitarian achievement, perhaps even a religious one. ? Mr. Rodrillo said his grandfather, the longtime head of Cuba’s main Christian mission school, José Imer Rodrimo Franco, passed away while in the hospital following his stroke. Mr. Castro’s revolutionary legacy extends far beyond the country, with programs that he led and with social commitments that are widely welcomed throughout the hemisphere. “History is repeating itself with him, and we must all look to him for inspiration and wisdom,? Mr. Rodrillo said. While Castro’s legacy has often seemed an elusive, esoteric fact of life, he has left behind a public, profound role. In contrast, his   successor, Raul Castro, was a reserved, contemplative grandfather figure, the child of the revolutionary leader who, while he had no experience governing or managing a major foreign power, had an immediate, deep personal connection to history. But Mr. Castro’s role in recent decades
