======== SAMPLE 1 ========
ene”lantral (The Legal Action Center) that had joined the case, said he does not expect any meaningful resolution in September when Congress meets next month in September. ",<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Headline:U.S. judge upholds Obama travel orders on U.S. citizens
Content: "(Reuters) - A U.S. judge in Hawaii on Thursday upheld an executive order issued by President Donald Trump that barred nationals of six other countries from traveling to the United States. U.S. District Judge Andrew Napolitano, in his order, said the administration may not take a new policy or even implement the order with respect to immigration applications and travelers, citing ongoing court cases involving refugees seeking to enter the country. Napolitano also ordered the Department of Homeland Security to review its constitutionality of Trump’s temporary travel ban on nationals of six other countries for national security reasons, a process that could take several months.  The Trump administration’s latest court order, issued in January, was one of a batch issued by the U.S. Homeland Security Secretary, the most prominent judge to challenge the measure. He was also temporarily banned from the United States, pending further review as well as the issuance of his order for a U.S. citizen to apply for naturalization. The department had appealed against Napolitano’s order that was issued last month in Maryland on Feb. 10, which it said was a “very clear public statement” of the federal government’s decision.  Napolitano’s decision will not take effect until further judicial proceedings have concluded, but he could issue a ruling on the merits of that appeal at the same time. ",<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Headline:Cuba offers no guarantees over Cuba in Trump deal
Content: "MARQUETES (Reuters) - Cuban Foreign Minister, Ernesto "Estrese" Parrilli, offered no guarantees during his U.S. meeting on Thursday in Havana that a Trump administration would not lift the economic and political restrictions on Cuba-born Cubans. U.S. President Donald Trump was scheduled to meet with Cuban President Raul Castro on Friday (Monday) at the White House. As he prepared to depart, Parrilli, who was born in Cuba and was raised in Cuba under communism, said that it would be a “very serious step” for the Cuban-American leader if Washington did anything to ease the economic restrictions he and his government say are undermining the lives of Cuban Americans.  He told a news conference that the U.S. government’s “political freedom” was being threatened in Cuba, but Trump’s willingness to make a symbolic agreement would make business easier as Cubans would be less constrained by the loss of capital in investments in business and tourism. In his decision on Wednesday to impose new economic restrictions to force foreign firms to spend more on business, Parrilli said he was looking to do some “tipping of the coals” as the Cuban government and business leaders seek free-spending businesses and tourism, and a return to political reform. In a meeting with U.S. Ambassador to Cuba Carlos Lopez, Parrilli said Cuba would be a better place for people to work if that is allowed to take precedent from the United States, he said. Trump said that while it was true that he had a relationship with Cuban President Raul Castro, he was in favor of economic reforms.  As he left Havana, the Cuban government was working with  the government in Havana and in Florida to address trade, housing and infrastructure projects aimed at reducing poverty. “He was not a president who wanted economic reforms as opposed to the United States. He has a good and open heart, but he asked for more than $200 billion. We’ll do better, but only by the Cuban people.  “There is no question that that our government will give up its rights, and that the law will not be overturned,” Parrilli said. The Cuban government’s trade and tourism measures are aimed at curtailing the number of Cubans working abroad to create jobs at home, and to bring about the political change Trump has pushed for. Cuba’s government said to Trump that Cuba was going down and Trump made clear he was ready to take a hard line on trade and Cuba. Trump has vowed to improve the U.S. relationship with Cuba and to end the economic and trade embargo. His administration plans to overhaul the U.S. trade deficit with Cuba but would try to reduce it. Trump announced the president would have business meetings this week with both Cuban diplomats and members of Congress. This would include the first visit to Cuba by a Cuban leader in decades. After an anticipated 10-hour dinner with President Raul Castro in the Bahamas, Trump said, “This is going great. We
