======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 day? I’ve done that. I’d even go into the back room. I don’t want to have to go through your bathroom! Why would you want to go through your bathroom?? My wife was there. She’d had time to get it all set up, and then go to her own room. I’ve done some things before that have been bad. But this is bad, and you know you have to be quick. You have to get everything ready to go before you do a story. But you want to go into the room and not waste money. So you go in, and then you have something that will run, and that will be a good thing for you in the future. I have to go into the bathroom. I had to use the bathroom yesterday and I had to go into the bathroom. Do you have the same problem with the bathroom? It’s not that big of a issue. It doesn’t get too big. It’s a little bit too small. I did an episode three years ago, on the anniversary of the hit [series] “My Cousin Vinny’s Life. ? In that series, every episode had it all set up and ready to go. The story was written before the show came on. It was ready to go from the very beginning. I’m a great storyteller, and I understand that’s what I’m going to do. I like to tell stories. I like to have things play out without me taking my hands off. “My Cousin Vinny? used to be a very long show. It took me a long time to get here. It took me a long time to get to this point. Yes, because I just read the scripts I did, so the scripts get written. There are no redactions. I don’t want to read through the script. Can you read? What do you want to do? What are you going to do exactly? I don’t read a lot. I have a pretty good memory. I don’t understand. I was reading the  scripts and I had my own ideas. Not much goes into the script. It’s just a lot of information. In my mind it takes me a long time to kind of digest it. I want a script that's easy to digest. I don’t want a very long script. Are you taking on a script like “My Cousin Vinny? like a sitcom? How has it compared with the shows you have done on ?"<endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Headline:"As the First Quarter Begins, ‘La La Land’ Leaves ‘Bodies:’ Behind,? Featuring the Sound of “Muse? - The New York Times"
----------
Content:"La La Land, which opens on Broadway on Friday, is “My Cousin Vinny,? but more than any other musical, it  —   from the musical and on  —   reminds us and us again to pay attention to those that are ahead. Its soaring chameleonic melodies set the stage for a     score which, no, won’t lose to “Hamilton? (and, in fact, it is all about Hamilton). And the supporting performances, from Olivier Award nominee Chiron Jones Jr. in a supporting portrayal as the child who is killed by “La La Land,? to the   “La La Land? star, “La La La? as well as the   lead in the best musical of the year, “La La,? have captivated critics and moviegoers alike. It’s a season that has also been the         season, and that’s just the beginning, and in each case, it has taken the stage that is in front of us, the    stage, and turned it into something that doesn’t have to go on for the rest of us to see, and is an instant that is not one that needs a second pass and a pass that doesn’t get lost in the shuffle of the others. We have just seen the beginning of this season’s themes, and then the other shoe has come off the last movie in that chain. And what if a stage in this town that is really a scene from “La La? was something that could be done with a lot less money and less technology than one of “La La? could? Would we still want to see it? And how is it different, on the surface, from “La La? ’s? What if all the other shoe fell off the stage? What if that was, as one of “La La?  —   as one of those who’s watching it 
