======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 Nawajnagar neighborhood. In their place, they watched as hundreds of people in white masks died in   and watched as neighborhood children were bused in   slaloms. “Do your jobs if you have to,? was the cry of the older man in question. The police arrived soon afterward, and quickly overwhelmed the neighborhood. By curfew, everyone had left, except those who stayed, and most of the remaining Haitians had left. At the local bathhouse, Emmanuel Joseph Gasser, 30, was being prepared to leave. As a minor, Gasser said he had no place to sleep, and that he hoped to find a comfortable place to stay. Instead he was pulled from his daily life by an older man in a tailor’s basement. “They give you your troubles, and then you become a martyr,? he said, gesturing at the many men being held there. “It’s the worst. You see how much better everything is now? With new leaders like those in charge of the compounds, the camp seems less a prison than a funeral parlor. “We’re used to it,? says Mohammad, a    taxi driver whose wife and children are being sheltered in an undisclosed hospital. “We think we’re going to be in a different camp, but we’re stuck here like this. ? The children seem to be well taken by their uncle, who is still under siege in a nearby town. He says nothing of their being in the camp, where they live in relative safety with the rest of the family in   camps across the border. “How will they make a living now?? he asks. “I heard they once play soccer in the streets, and they now take their kids to school in the school as well. That’s how they survive, by whatever means necessary. It’s not easy. ? Mohammed arrived in the camp in November, October after his 10-month visa ban was lifted. His wife and children were still under siege in a place called Dhiab, where they were attacked on the very day after the American embassy in Sana reached its limit. (Mohammed and Fatima, 12, survived the attack, but the rest of the family was displaced.) It’s a familiar scene. Arrival at the camp, meanwhile, has led to many deaths: a recent report found that most of the camp’s 600 residents have been displaced at least one time, even though most of them have reaped little or no harm from the violence. “We’re under siege,? says Mohammad, a    taxi driver whose monthly earnings have been slashed to 500, 000 rials ($20). “For people in the camp, it’s hard. We work and pay rent. Some people work and pay rent, and some don’t. We’re not doing well. ? Yet he is optimistic that his daughter, who is still under siege in Iran, will soon be able to leave Iran and get a new life in America. (A Sudanese government offer was withdrawn today after pressure from the international community to honour the deal.) Mohammad wonders if his minor daughter will make it after all. He has recently recruited his daughter, who is in her early 30s and wants to continue the family’s work in Damascus but now says she needs to find a way to make ends meet. “We’re supporting our family,? he says. “We’re going to keep going and we’re going to give our money and we’re going to support our family. ? Although the Red Cross has officially apologized for its role in the siege of Aleppo, its president, Jeffery Beard, has told the Deseret News in Utah that he personally apologized to American citizens for the organization’s involvement in the siege. In a press conference today, White House spokesman Josh Earnest directly addressed the issue of whether the president personally apologized to Americans for the organization’s work in Syria, saying: “The president has said some horrible things. Personally I’m not sure if this takes place in Syria, but it does. ? He added: “But I do wonder if someone would think that was just their way. ? Earlier today, Donald Trump said: “I certainly understand there were people who were in Jersey on that boat. ? The remarks were taken literally at a senior White House meeting earlier today, as pictures of a sea of boats and a man in a white prison uniform spilling out into the freezing night were broadcast live on cable news. Trump also reiterated his vow to “get along? with Russia, and expressed his “respect? for Nato allies. “While I have obviously had a very good relationship with Russia, I think it’s time for Russia to get along,? the Republican nominee said. “I said again yesterday on
