======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 for another year and it will be for everyone’s benefit,” he said.  ",<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Headline:Trump blasts Democrats for seeking to destroy his family's healthcare business
Content: "WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Donald Trump said on Friday Democratic Party activists who have attempted to destroy U.S. President-elect Donald Trump’s family business had not broken the law. Trump also lashed Democrats on Twitter as well as the party for a plan by Senate Democrats to block his Republican allies from enacting his business business interests through the U.S. Senate, where he now chairs. Republican Senator John McCain of Arizona said on Twitter, “Democrats on the floor have attempted to destroy my new company by taking it over and thus stifling his business.” The Senate Democrats introduced a resolution on Thursday asking the Senate to take immediate action to block the nomination, but a committee spokeswoman said the party would not be in session until Monday. “To be clear, Republicans cannot get rid of a president they don’t like and his family businesses,” McCain said in a statement released by his campaign. “Now, we must use the tools we have at hand to defeat this poison cocktail.” Trump, a real estate developer who won the Republican presidential nomination last month, will step down as president. As of Dec. 1, he will serve in the office to serve as a private citizen for five years. Republicans hold all the Senate seats in the U.S. House of Representatives, which makes possible a quick transition from a man who has never held public office, while Democrats control the Senate. While Trump’s children were not able to comment, the Trump Organization said their father still retains a longstanding interest in building golf courses and would continue to pursue building projects, though it is too soon or too late to say whether he intends to retain his stake in the Trump Tower business entity. Republican Senator Jeff Sessions, who was a federal prosecutor, will serve as Trump’s nominee for attorney general, and he said he would recuse himself because he had told U.S. House of Representatives Judiciary Committee Chairman Kevin McCarthy about a meeting he had with his former national security aide, Michael Flynn, about the topic, as well as the matter of whether Trump fired him. “Today’s event shows that, as the president-elect, I can take responsibility for firing General Flynn and thus making sure that the swamp and the fake media do not have anything of substance,” McCarthy said in a statement. Representative Mike Conaway of Texas, who heads the House’s Republican committee overseeing the House of Representatives, also addressed the matter after speaking with Trump at a news conference. “If we look at that as a violation of the Ethics in Question Act, that is not what we’re here for,'' Conaway said, after meeting with Trump before their meeting. “If the president-elect and the people of the United States are willing to talk about any number of things about ethics, they can talk.” Republican House committee Chairman Steve Scalise, a Louisiana Republican and the House whip, issued a statement expressing concern that “this action is further evidence that President Trump is determined to destroy our first constitutional amendment, the one that protects Congress from the misuse of power by an unelected government body.” Trump has a long history with conflict-of-interest laws in politics. In the 2016 presidential race, he spent much of his time on attacking both Democratic front-runner Hillary Clinton and Republican front-runner Ted Cruz before the Texas senator’s failed attempt to become the party’s candidate. “The Democrats have not been that willing to criticize me over ethics issues and so far I’ve been their biggest critic,” Trump said in a television interview in September. “Why? Because the people are demanding accountability and transparency.” Trump has said he will not accept donations from donors to the Trump Organization unless they support his candidacy, though his lawyer called the practice “stupid”. The Federal Election Commission has ruled that donors must donate to help a candidate because giving a $200 donation to a candidate is insufficient to receive a seat in a public office, although Trump’s campaign spokeswoman denied those allegations. The Trump Organization would still have to report donations from foreign sources and foreign nationals were still barred from a federal election donation program. In response to that rule, Trump has said the campaign will donate to the campaign directly, avoiding an obligation to do so. Trump has said his business is now completely separate from his administration and that he has separated his business from his duties. ",<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Headline:"Trump Jr. emails released: Democratic lawmaker's son 'promotion" to official'"
Content: "NEWARK, N.J. (Reuters) - Republican New Jersey Senator Bob Menendez’s son
