======== SAMPLE 1 ========
OTUS, a Democrat, who had been on the campaign trail defending Trump, on Friday said the American people deserved a president who was “in the pocket of special interests.” “He made it very clear before he was elected that he’re not in the pocket of special interests, as he has often promised to be,” Rubio told MSNBC. “It’s just frankly my expectation we’re going to get a president of the American people.”  ",<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Headline:Citizens petition Trump for a third term and get him in 2020
Content: "NEW YORK (Reuters) - A growing number of U.S. citizens petitioned Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump on Saturday to take office in 2020 if he does not get out of the 2016 Republican race, including in Iowa. In a Twitter post, they described the billionaire businessman as “a dangerous man,” and asked his supporters to sign them up to help elect him in the White House by Nov. 1, 2016.  “We need an alternative that is a safe path forward for our country. Stop Trump,” wrote the petitioners, who posted a list of their grievances with Republicans.   ",<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Headline:"Trump, Cruz fight for White House in New Hampshire, Florida"
Content: "NEW HAVEN, Conn. (Reuters) - President-elect Donald Trump and his fellow Republicans in the Senate and House of Representatives would face difficult decisions on Tuesday if Republican candidates are not careful to campaign during the first several weeks of their campaign in several battleground states, the Washington Examiner reported. The Washington Examiner, citing election law experts and polling data collected this past week in the Granite State, on Nov. 6, reported that in Nevada, New York, and Ohio, Trump would have to campaign more on the Democratic side, but he could lose some state voting contests.  New Hampshire is one of the last remaining U.S. Republican strongholds, and the most likely to be critical to Trump’s White House hopes. In South Carolina, it is possible Trump loses it in a competitive race by winning a majority in the state’s Senate and Speaker of the House. “Trump should have an advantage in New Hampshire because New Hampshire is the one where they haven’t been in the past, and New Hampshire is the one with the biggest swing,” said Republican strategist Doug Heye, an early Trump supporter. “I think (Trump) needs to win in New Hampshire and win there, and we probably won’t know that by the end of the election.” Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton is still the state’s most-recent presidential nominee, but Trump’s win there was historic. “If you look at the polling numbers on [New Hampshire Sen.] Jeanne Shaheen in the final state, she’s got a little bit of distance from Donald Trump than other Democrats are,” said Democrat Phil Scott, a senior consultant to the Democratic National Committee. “But she hasn’t had a lot of distance from that Trump thing.” Trump is campaigning in New Hampshire on Monday for Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton before an election day expected to be in battleground Pennsylvania next Thursday, the newspaper said. A CNN/ORC poll this week showed Trump’s approval rating in New Hampshire is currently at 36 percent, compared to 53 percent for Shaheen and 39 percent for New York’s other Democratic governor, Andrew Cuomo. ",<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Headline:"Trump, Cruz face tough questions about Republican healthcare efforts in Indiana"
Content: "DETROIT (Reuters) - Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump on Saturday faced a barrage of questions about his promises to overhaul Obamacare with the party’s congressional leaders in Indiana scheduled for a meeting in an attempt to stop the nominee from raising questions about the health system to the Republican party’s most powerful leaders. Senate Republicans in North Dakota and New Jersey are scheduled to meet next week and there is also New Hampshire Democratic Party state chair, but they did not get the kind of follow-up meeting that he promised they would. “He was asked if he agreed with the Senate Republicans to block Obamacare. His answer is: I agree,” said Republican Senator Pat Roberts, on ABC’s “This Week.” “This bill is going to go to a vote in the Senate and I believe with the majority,” he told Reuters on Saturday at a town hall event in the state. The Republican leaders have struggled for months to find a path to repeal the 2010 Affordable Care Act, commonly known as Obamacare, now known as President Barack Obama’s healthcare law, which he supported until Friday when it passed the U.S.
