======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 near atypical behavior: They are not the type to be afraid to say what is on their minds and avoid expressing displeasure. Perhaps most surprising of all, they are not the type to belittle their opponent. Mr. Trump will have his chance to test this this theory over the weekend with a forum scheduled on Saturday. On Friday when Mr. Mattis spoke at the meeting of the Organization of the Americas for Latin Americans and Caribbean, a news conference in Miami, the American leader offered up the phrase “Trump United. ? “The United States would not be the first world leader to put its name on a new leader. I hope we have our United Nations partners and partners in the community and in the Organization of the Americas to understand the value of the United States of America,? Mr. Mattis said. And for those reasons, even though the United Nations still considers Mr. Trump’s United Nations speech an insult in most North American capitals, it is clear that the world has come to see him as a strong leader who understands the United Nations. It also appears he had an unlikely hero’s on his side. Mr. Mattis also seemed to address the growing political tension that has characterized the Trump administration’s first months in office. The National Security Council (NSC) has been an essential part of  —   in which Mr. Trump has his top aides, like Stephen K. Bannon, the White House chief strategist, and Mike Dubke, his director of strategic initiatives and communications, who often helps with foreign policies. The council was in chaos during the Trump campaign and he was never quite comfortable being surrounded by his aides in the West Wing. But the new president seems eager to have the world focus his attention on himself, so the council is still a place where Mr. Trump can show off his military might and foreign policy agenda. “The world order is under tremendous strain,? Mr. Trump said. “The world is looking at all of us, trying to figure out, do we give him success on the world? But it’s not him, so we won’t. That’s fine. ? “The world order is unraveling  —   if they want to help us, if we want to help them? That’s a good thing,? Mr. Trump said, a reference to the world order as a whole. There were brief comments from the president about taking a more   approach to North Korea. As the North and South Korean militaries exchanged threats, Mr. Trump took the opportunity to say the United States would consider military options. “We will work a deal with the North Korea people so that they can keep our country safe,? he said, but he never mentioned the president of the United States in the conversation. Mr. Trump had already promised his Korean friends that. “I’ve thought about that,? he said, adding later that any deal would depend on the United Nations. It was unclear whether he meant that he was not negotiating directly in front of the United Nations, or whether the United States would seek some form of agreement with North Korea to resolve the North Korea standoff. Mr. Trump has a strong history of criticizing China. But there isn’t a real public dispute that the Trump administration is preparing for any significant trade war with Beijing  —   and that he would be happy for it. Mr. Trump has repeatedly stated that negotiations only have a future if they include other nations. In an interview with a Canadian television reporter, Mr. Trump argued that   trade might work better if it were with Canada and Mexico rather than China. And in an interview with a Malaysian television host, Mr. Trump said that Malaysia, a member of the 10   World Cup governing body, should have a bigger role in the competition to host the 2022 world cup. It’s clear that North Korea will likely be his biggest adversary over the next decade or so. China will be at the center of any trade war, but it is unclear who might actually win the most lucrative competition. The United States’ last   strategy to defeat the North was designed to weaken North Korea’s ability to attack the United States and deter American aggression in the region. The North Koreans, for now, can expect American retaliation, and they expect that to be aimed primarily at the United States. That is because North Korea has been growing more powerful over the last two years, investing vast sums in   capabilities and sending its ­   missiles that can reach all of the United States, as well as Russian weapons of mass destruction that can reach any target in the country. North Korea’s most recent test, in February, led to the North’s ban on   TV broadcasts over fears that the United States and China might use it to expand their arms programs. A senior administration official said the United States would not comment on North Korea’s missile development as an effort to protect the president. “
