======== SAMPLE 1 ========
. In his speech, Mr. Trump seemed to promise the world in the event of war, starvation and financial ruin  —   but also used the same emotional language about Americans who are striving for success, about what he called their too often underachieved privilege: “We will tear it all down,? Mr. Trump said, adding ominously: “And we will bring back our jobs. Our jobs will be back. We will build that up. ? What began as a drive to cut the country’s dependency rate, which Mr. Trump raised as a way to cut the federal deficit, has morphed into a populist, if   sentiment based largely on the idea that America is innately greedy and wasteful. Mr. Trump and his conservative supporters often invoke a phrase from Mitt Romney’s infamous 2012 presidential campaign: “  . ? They are especially apt at using the       line  —   "A government that spends so much money on war and fails to produce so much in the middle class  —   is really failed."<endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Headline:United Casts Its Faint Effort as the Economy Struggles - The New York Times
----------
Content:"LONDON  —   In two months of campaigning, Michael Flynn has become quite careful in how he pitches his new presidential ambitions, casting his   efforts as the   version of the same    divisive Washington game plan. Still, there is something disheartening about his performance in that ad, which appeared last weekend with the help of data from the conservative media watchdog group Judicial Watch. “The one area where he completely botched it was when he said we’re going to get rid of the Internal Revenue Service,? said Richard Painter, a Republican and a former ambassador to the United States, who was once in the State Department. “That wasn’t exactly what the American people want. They want a government that is more transparent, that is more accountable, that is more respectful of the First Amendment. That is what this is all about. ? But while Mr. Trump has a strong track record when it comes to   jobs, his team does have trouble articulating it. Mr. Flynn has only recently gotten an opportunity to assume the post of national security adviser. And while he does appear to be the chief author of the   line in the video, it was Mr. Priebus’s deputy, R. Alex Conaway, who drafted it, that devised the official line. Mr. Priebus, when contacted by phone, denied he has taken over the posts or directed Mr. Flynn to make any. The most telling detail offered by Mr. Conaway was that Mr. Flynn was told by Mr. Bannon and others at the National Security Council at the time that the call with Mr. Kislyak came with a payment in the form of “incidental? surveillance of his telephone conversations. But Mr. Conaway said that request came after the call had already been routed through the State Department, to the National Security Council, to President Trump. Rather than a call to the press or an incoming administration official, it was a suggestion to a   official that Mr. Flynn might be able to use a few million dollars to help secure the Flynn Tower address. The official who asked for the payment  —   a mysterious sum approaching $1 million  —   immediately took it down. According to the documents cited by Judicial Watch, this particular contact was part of a   paid for by the paid consultant, Glenn Simpson, a director of the Capital Games, a video game production company based in the Bahamas. Mr. Trump had given the firm a call last spring to arrange a meeting. The purpose of the call was to arrange Mr. Flynn’s entry into the West Wing of the White House, where he had served for less than three months, to present him with a Medal of Freedom. Mr. Flynn’s lawyers argued against Judicial Watch, which was founded by the conservative legal activist David McIntosh, in its first Freedom of Information request. The request came via a registered agent, Thomas Kelley of the White House Counsel’s Office, who said he spoke to Mr. Flynn specifically to brief him on the matter. By then, the firm that Mr. Flynn’s lawyer paid $33, 000 to had been paid about $800, 000 for the firm to represent him, the documents show. Mr. Conaway, the White House lawyer, concluded the conversation had been innocuous, like Mr. Flynn seeking permission to speak on White House grounds before Mr. Trump’s inauguration. The White House counsel ordered a second call, from a person identified in the paperwork as the middleman, after which Mr. Conaway told him he needed access to White House officials. The next morning, three aides to Mr. Conaway left and Mr. Flynn took the second elevator down to the basement,
