======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 for his presidency. As a conservative icon and an entrepreneur, he built a national empire of more than 400 American cities into what was supposed to be his own city, with each one shaping the landscape of the place where he grew up —  until all of that turned into dust and the city was left a wasteland. ?<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Headline:The Atlantic Daily: Politics
----------
Content:"How Russia’s Censors Have Evoked Trump: After a major leak of thousands of emails, the president claimed an additional accusation: the federal government had shared it with a former employee of a news outlet affiliated with his campaign. “The same leaker, the same actor, from the same network,? the president tweeted, a tweet that immediately generated outrage on social media: the FBI’s alleged hacking of   political opponents.  He added: “This is so totally unacceptable in my lifetime that I have called for an immediate full explanation. ? After the initial uproar, and as reports that the intelligence had been compromised, Trump quickly backtracked: He said it was “very possibly? a mistake, which infuriated his critics. Trump and his advisers have also argued that the intelligence breach was an inside job, though they refused to use that term. The FBI reportedly did not believe it either: Its director was briefed on the incident three and a half days after it was reported from the White House. A House investigation was launched, and the bureau appears to have turned over its findings to various investigators, most of whom will speak anonymously. When it published the transcripts of the phone conversations with the president, the FBI said it had nothing to do with political concerns. “The FBI cannot conduct a full domestic investigation at this time of its own,? an official told The Atlantic. And the White House disputed the report, telling The Washington Post that the FBI did not tell investigators that classified details about the investigation had been leaked. The Justice Department declined to comment. The FBI has now said that it is not going to pursue prosecution against journalists in connection with its investigation. The Associated Press reported that the FBI is investigating the leak. But in that case, it would have been far more helpful to have the FBI and NSA to share the content of the leak. (The FBI declined to comment on Wednesday.) What’s On TV: The president and his advisers have said they expect to learn a lot more information about the Russia investigation from their predecessors. That’s certainly a different story than when it was the FBI that produced a critical memo describing FBI tactics. But for the moment at least, the White House has said that no information in the memo was “leaked? from the FBI, and it’s important to know whether this was a clear leak or some kind of a false, misleading, or criminal leak —  one of Trump’s signature scandals. (He did say he had nothing to do with it.) A lot of the attention this week and the administration has gotten has been focused on the FBI’s handling of the investigation, but an internal Justice Department inspector general report released last week shows that the FBI, during investigation, frequently failed to fully execute its threat assessments in the course of investigating terrorism. On Tuesday, White House press secretary Sean Spicer was confronted with a question about the leak. “I think it’s in the public good, and I’m not going to suggest you. ? Spicer said. “We’re not asking you to recommend which we are not doing. ? “So they’re not doing it? he responded. After Trump was asked if he can still be prosecuted, Spicer said: “I don’t know the answer to that question. My department is going to look at it, and it’s not within my ability and would not be in the best interests of the American people that we would, I believe, have a very full and proper investigation. ? This week, the White House tried to defend his wiretapping claim against the former president —  but that he couldn’t reveal the content of the wiretaps or his knowledge of possible connections to Russian intelligence. He claimed that the FBI had wiretapped his phones instead. At some point in the   Trump White House must explain the president’s wiretap claims. As a president who has made the threat of a nuclear   strike very clear, he seems unwilling to allow a full investigation into that threat. “It’s not right because the FBI is in charge of our nation’s intelligence, information, information —  they’re in charge of the investigation, they’re investigating it, it’s going to be a fair process and they’re doing it well and they’re working their job well,? he said. “That’s what they do in the FBI. ? If FBI director is not
