======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 decades in the spotlight, is taking up residence behind the restaurants where he works. One of them, the owner of Noma, said his customers often comment on the change in location. “I say, ‘What does this place mean?? ’? said the owner, Nasser Daghloul. “People look at me like, ‘What does this place mean?? ’? Mr. Daghloul has been coming in from outside to eat at the restaurant for almost two years, and he doesn’t plan to stay there much longer: “We’re not staying in the US for very long. ’? His wife, a Jordanian citizen, wants the job done quickly. “We want to be able to get a visa in just a month or two and go back,? he said. “I don’t know of any others who are as wealthy as Elon Musk and Elon do. ? Mr. Musk, who in 2012 bragged about having invented the electric car and is worth an estimated $2. 8 billion, was once only known for Tesla, the car manufacturer. Until recently, it was impossible to purchase batteries from Tesla. In late 2013, it settled a lawsuit from the federal government alleging that because some of the cars were sold without federal permits and sales began after the first day of January 2014, that Tesla had not complied with electric vehicle regulations. Tesla was found to have misrepresented electric vehicle sales to the government. It was fined $1. 5 million by the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission. The company also sold its batteries business and created Tesla Powerpack, a company that continues to make electric vehicles. With a     track record and a tendency to overestimate his own achievements  —   Tesla said the Gigafactory, with about 1 million electric vehicles at the factory, was now producing 5 million vehicles a year. The company has also been slow to disclose how much of its   production, and how much of its revenue from batteries, goes to the production of electric vehicles. As part of the settlement, Musk was ordered to pay $1. 5 billion to the federal government and set to contribute an additional $1 billion over the next five years toward new battery manufacturing, as well as other projects. Musk was unable to attend the court hearing. It is unclear whether or not Mr. Musk will be allowed to stay and work in the U. S. during the investigation. He is currently living in the U. N. headquarters near his company’s headquarters in Elon Musk’s hometown, which is on a military base in California. In his absence, some former U. S. employees and contractors have started companies in China and other countries and moved overseas, where governments allow them to establish subsidiaries with local companies to carry out their work. Others are building prototypes and waiting for orders before moving on. But while SpaceX, its primary customer, has been slow to capitalize on its launchpad’s presence at the launch center, Mr. Musk has been busy expanding into the space industry. In December 2013, he won a   deal worth a reported $1. 5 billion. In 2013, he was named to help lead an acquisition of SolarCity by Jeff Bezos of Amazon. After he left Tesla in January 2014, he bought a controlling interest in SolarCity for just $3. 5 billion and is now the primary investor in Tesla, which recently expanded its electric car activities to 60 states. With both Tesla and SpaceX in the spotlight and needing money quickly because of stock market reversals, Mr. Musk has been looking to expand into a   arm of the tech giant. In February 2015, he moved into Tesla’s headquarters as the chief executive. Since then, he has overseen $10 billion worth of investments in the energy technology, manufacturing and space industries. SpaceX has also been working on its own rockets and has been developing its own spacecraft. Its newest cargo mission is an   test of an innovative experimental landing system. A series of flights should make a   goal of setting up shop for a future cargo flight to the space station. Mr. Musk declined to comment on the situation in the Philippines. His overseas visits are often timed during busy months for the space industry, so he is unable to give a detailed itinerary, but he said last week he was flying to Canada on Tuesday and then on to Europe in the coming days. Mr. Musk is a major player in the space industry. When SpaceX took delivery of its   Falcon rockets in December 2010, it could not put them into orbit because the launchpad at the adjacent Kennedy Space Center was unusable after it had been reoccupied by the company. So in December 2013 it turned to Elon Musk, the founder of Space Exploration Technologies Corporation, to put the rockets back into place. SpaceX, unlike other space companies, did not get support from the Air Force. The problem led to a   launch. SpaceX plans to lift off in 2016, starting operations by 2017. Its
