======== SAMPLE 1 ========
     ,   ? a      “very    †? and “very  ’s. That was my first real exposure to a woman’s hair. ? The   women, who are known in Japan for their     hairstyles, said they like they look as masculine as the male counterparts, but it’s unlikely they would go into their jobs as    and so do not use the hairstyle  —   or use a comb for it  — . It could help them stand out. ?  —    Lisa A. Fisch        Lillian Fisch, a barber on Kannapolis Street, had worn “the braided hair? a lot of the first four days she worked in the hair department, at a salon near the hotel to keep her energy down. Now she walks and stands in every length and every length of hair, sometimes at a little over two feet when she’s walking and walking, sometimes at 6 feet, sometimes more, but most of the time in slouchy leather pants and   wool sweater, or in sheer wool gloves and a    sweater. The hair is a natural one, she said, that will help her stand, and that she has no plans to change. Still, she likes the hairstyle for the men’s heads, so she gets it up in the evening and goes out, even when people are still around. “We’re women, and we are the women who came with hair,? she said. “They came with hair, and you know that? ? In Japan, hair is a delicate business, with different   styles to choose from, each with its own nuances and costs. When the city was young, hair would be woven in the back of a man’s shorts and rolled up around the waist into long bunches, for instance. Now that city was mostly female, and as the women’s population began to become more affluent, men got braided hair and rolled   into bunches, too. The hairstyle could get messy. In Tokyo, a long    comb is not in style (with one exception) for all types of hair. The hair of women with long hair is much more delicate. It can be pulled back without much harm. If a woman with long hair has it all, her hair can be styled more freely as she grows older. Some women try to blend their hair into the rest of their look, a common method. The most obvious way is to keep hair tightly coiled, at an arm’s length, with a comb that’s attached through the hair. Other hair products that give curl are    and  . And women with longer hair, however, are still often using these products too much. At the   salon, they can now get a comb free, and that comb is made of a lightweight material that may not leave the scalp dry enough to comb or curl hair. Most Japanese hairstylists recommend using either hair conditioner or hair dye over all hair products, the latter of which may leave hair feeling damp. Japanese women are not known for their patience, and that is why any long haircut will hurt. “A hairstyle can be so much about hairstyles,? said Masahiro Ozawa, a stylist in Osaka, Japan. “And Japan is not like Europe, where there’s a lot of freedom. We don’t know how to change haircuts in Japan on a daily basis, so hair styling experts usually use hairdo products that they have been trained to use. It’s like they’ll be in some way connected because Japan will continue to treat hair the same way. ?"<endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Headline:South Korea Looks to Uphold Its Own Security - The New York Times
----------
Content:"BEIJING  —   China’s decision to strengthen its own maritime security was widely seen as a sign that the Chinese leadership was preparing for its military adventures in the South China Sea, though the Chinese military never explicitly acknowledged it in a statement last week. Now, as its economy grows more rapidly and as it faces deepening international isolation, China seems to look to bolster its own military presence. In an attempt to fend off Chinese attacks on Japan, China has issued a statement of demands, saying that it would “uphold its own security' in the East Sea. The statement said China would “exercise restraint and nonaggression? with Japan and other nations, but the Chinese military appeared to be making an effort to keep its neighbors informed of its demands. China’s new military statement seemed to be a response to the South Korean government’s announcement last week that it was seeking an apology from Japan for attacks
