======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 action are in response to a threat to their security and are made with the full knowledge and cooperation of Saudi Arabia and its allies, a U.S. official said. The State Department on Tuesday imposed new sanctions on eight individuals linked to Iran and other countries affected by sanctions under President Donald Trump’s new order targeting six senior government officials, including five military and civilian leaders from Iran, and eight diplomatic and military posts they manage. The sanctions are part of a crackdown on Iran that has brought about “the most significant sanctions campaign in the history of the U.S. economy,” the senior aide said. The ban has angered some other countries including Saudi Arabia and a number of U.S. allies, which worry it could spark an economic crisis at home and abroad. Trump said in a joint White House statement that the sanctions were an answer to his “tremendous frustration” about “the unfair and counterproductive ‘disruptor” moves by Iran. “It would be a mistake to assume that unilateral sanctions only hurt Iran” and Trump’s new sanctions plan aims to isolate the Iranian government, which Tehran has repeatedly denied meddling in the U.S. election. “We need to see a different way of punishing those who are harming the security, and we should reconsider the way we punish the people who benefit from sanctions,” the aide added. A spokesman for the administration denied the move could be construed by the president as a  move to punish individuals. Trump has pledged not to lift any sanctions for any individuals.  He said in the statement that the new sanctions imposed included “individuals with sanctions” that were “prohibiting the export and re-export of equipment and technology that are vital for our national security.” Iran’s foreign ministry responded in a statement by saying the decision to impose new sanctions was political and was not done “through any economic measures”. The government added that all sanctions could not be imposed on Iranian citizens and companies. Last week, Trump imposed additional sanctions on Iran over its ballistic missile program. After the president’s action, Iran sent a ballistic missile test to its coast, and in the same week, Iran also tested a new medium-range missile. While the new sanctions could not stop Iran or interfere with its nuclear program, they could impact its oil sector, the oil industry and other production channels. The U.S. oil major Schlumberger said it was “extremely sensitive” to any Iranian behavior that threatens U.S. national security interests as an investment. A source in the U.S. oil industry said the changes to foreign policy were taking place in the White House, but he said the action did not affect individual transactions on the market. Several other major oil majors, including Exxon Mobil, Chevron or Total and Shell, have also announced moves this year to reduce or suspend contracts with partners that might jeopardize oil supplies, according to industry figures and Reuters analysis of publicly available U.S. government and industry documents. ",<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Headline:Supreme Court approves Florida governor veto of abortion law restricting abortion bans
Content: "SAN JUAN, Fla. (Reuters) - The Supreme Court on Tuesday approved a Florida governor’s veto of the same regulation that would have closed down clinics in the state that blocked women’s access to abortion. The court unanimously decided that the state should not have required health care plans that cover at least one of a number of services but could choose the same method for the same procedures, and found that other provisions in state laws restricting abortion access violated the federal law protecting women’s access to birth control. Under the previous compromise agreement that was approved before the case was sent back to the top-level lower courts for further litigation, the state could have required health insurance products or services, such as birth control pills or emergency contraception, that include information about abortions, and also some other services and devices that include information about the termination of pregnancy, the court said in its ruling. The state may also have required some preventive services for minors such as contraception, such as intrauterine device devices, long-acting reversible contraception (LARC) used by women after birth, or implantable intrauterine system.  The state also sought to block insurance plans with more restrictive information, such as a notice that insurance plans do not cover essential preventive care or birth control, and to prevent insurers from imposing “pre-existing conditions” such as abortion, which are popular and even the cost covered by the health plan could be cut. State Attorney General Pam Bondi has said she will appeal the ruling against her.  In the July case, the court said a legislative compromise was enacted that gave insurance issuers up to three months from beginning coverage for insurance coverage that includes abortions while only covering insurance coverage that covers the method chosen for the procedure. This time last month, a court panel found an
