======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 affiliated, and there are no formal plans for the upcoming tour —  though the group has put its own trip on hold while exploring new territories. The tour will be made up of 14 buses and 10 ambulances, the group said on its website. It’s unclear exactly which bus groups will take on the tours. The tour itself has been announced as a “  tour? but the group says most of its buses would be used by the U. S. government. It’s also unclear if buses will even travel through Trump’s property. On top of that, there’s a whole   tour that Trump has recently used to visit the country that seems to have ended since Trump’s election. It’s a tour that included a   event in California, a   summit in Mexico, and a visit to the   resort in Palm Beach, Florida. The   of Palm Beach is notable because the Trump Organization donated to the club, something that normally would be a violation of federal ethics laws, especially when it’s done “outside of the spirit? of the law. (Palm Beach is also the site of an array of expensive, potentially damaging videos that appear to show that Trump and his associates may have taken money from the wealthy for the purpose of making his property more palatial.) Still, the events at    might still be occurring at his    club, and it’s likely that Trump would be personally profiting off from the company’s efforts, officials said. Still, it’s worth noting that, as was true during his campaign, Trump has taken a lot of heat for the behavior and words he’s accused of engaging in while in office. The president has taken questions from reporters about an affair that took place while he was married to his former campaign manager Corey Lewandowski. The Trump Organization’s effort to open its golf course in Aberdeen, Scotland, has been underway since at least 2010, and the president has   to the extent, or at least tried to, confirm that it continues, officials at the organization said in a statement. (The president’s Aberdeen resort is named after his son Eric, a property developer in Scotland who has appeared at the initiative of the Trump Organization.) Still, the events at    might help to explain why Trump has been vocally vocal about his love affair with the president. By associating himself with the actions and words of the man now in charge of the Oval Office, Trump has left himself a scapegoat for the actions of a man who continues to work for him and to gain influence over the nation’s decisions. That’s a predicament no politician in American history has ever been forced to contend with, but the American people are finally having a say in how this plays out."<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Headline:The U.S. Is No Longer America’s Great Friend
----------
Content:"Last night, tens of millions of people around the world watched the moment, and the national debate over whether President Donald Trump is in a free fall or not can no longer be settled. If Russia has a legitimate, if fairly compelling, reason to spy on Trump in ways that help bolster its own legitimacy, America’s intelligence community should be very proud of its work. For that sake, Trump has gotten a massive amount of heat from those who support Russia, and have publicly defended Russian policy as if it were the secret to American national security —  and for his own self. Trump also has gotten one of the greatest ratings gains for a president of any leader in the history of the U. S. by not having a full   investigation going up, and he has gotten a pass on  . What’s more alarming to the intelligence community is how little the U. S. has to show to its own people, both in the U. S. and beyond, how much more the Russians are out to get him. For the sake of America’s security and its long term, Trump is also giving Russia the opportunity to do what it will to hurt him and to have a massive American intelligence community. In an interview that aired in 2005, Russian president Dmitri Medvedev said that while Medvedev was a skilled chess player, he would probably not win the world championship. That’s what Vladimir Putin’s Russia did to win the Russian Open, last year. That’s a stunning display of   foreign intelligence gathering that is a big concern for U. S. intelligence and law enforcement.   Trump has not shown any signs of turning against Russia. It’s not an uncommon for Trump to accuse Russia of treachery, and in an interview with Bill O’Reilly, he said he wouldn’t consider a Russian connection to the Trump campaign. But as Medvedev put it in an interview late last
