======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 she wants to keep it as long as she can,” said Trump, who won the Republican primary last week. Republican strategist Steve Bannon, a key figure in Trump’s campaign, criticized the GOP nominee’s plan for an orderly transition of power, saying such a transition was “nanny-state politics.” “I wouldn’t suggest to his supporters that the Republicans want to stay in power after they lose the election,” Bannon told CNBC. “Everybody needs to wake up,” White House spokesman Sean Spicer added. Trump is facing stiff opposition for his handling of the Benghazi attacks, where he played down the attacks on their immediate relatives, by saying he was not the source. He has repeatedly blamed Hillary Clinton for the attacks, while criticizing the investigation of Clinton’s role as a campaign and a charity while a U.S. intelligence agency recommended in a report this week that the Obama administration did not make adequate security in Benghazi. The Democratic National Committee’s response to the Benghazi attacks was chaotic and badly misinformed when it sent thousands of people to the White House. It also played down Trump’s criticism of Republicans for their handling of the attacks. On Wednesday, Trump held a forum at the hotel in Washington, one of the only remaining political stalemakers in the last 100 years, to the world. The White House, which is in opposition to nearly every major trade deal, has not criticized, and the president has said he will keep negotiating with China. Trump took a veiled swipe at Republicans from an unexpected direction on Thursday. He will announce on Tuesday whether he still wants to run for president.  At the New York Daily News, columnist David Brooks said Trump’s response would be: “Don’t you think it’s going to be that much later?” The Daily Mail, in Britain, said Trump, a New York real estate developer, had no plans to run and had no interest in running for either the Democratic or Republican Presidential nominees. “President Trump will not consider himself qualified to be president because nothing he says is likely to improve the nation’s standing,” the newspaper said. The National Review, once a bastion of support for Trump, had predicted that Trump would win the Nov. 8 election and that he would turn that momentum to his favor in November. “The election is now likely to take place late November. If you could tell which way the Republican nominee is, you would know very much,” the publication said. “What we are seeing in the election is just the Republicans’ failure to make any significant moves towards solving the problems faced by the United States.” As he has on various campaign stops, Trump has dismissed his critics as “political enemies,” which has come up against the Republicans’ best defense in decades. In the same interviews, he also said he was not concerned about Trump’s business record, even if he is no longer in business and has little foreign policy experience. “It’s no secret that he was not a very successful president, but it certainly is not a secret. So it’s not the same as being a ‘choke Donald Trump,’” said one reporter who has frequently been asked to fill the role of Trump aide. “I just never thought the president of the United States should be a chimp,” said the reporter, “I never thought anyone in the United States should be a chimp.” Trump has often criticized the fact that no Democrat had a higher rating than him as a candidate. Republican presidential candidate John McCain won a record 58 percent of national security, trade and jobs votes in 2008, and most states’ governors in the election last year. In addition to that, he had 58 percent of the general public and 70 percent of registered Democratic voters, according to Reuters/Ipsos. Trump has a high approval rating, which is higher than any of his rivals. (Additional reporting by Steve Holland in Washington and Lisa Shumate in New York; Editing by Peter Cooney) This article was funded in part by SAP. It was independently created by the Reuters editorial staff. SAP had no editorial involvement in its creation or production.",<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Headline:Trump praises military action in Syria as last resort: NYT
Content: "WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump said on Wednesday that military action in Syria’s four-year-old civil war is “the last resort” to stop the civil war “that is going to last for generations.” “I think in Syria we’re going to have to go on the offensive,” Trump told the Financial Times in an interview. ",<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Headline:House Republicans to vote for tax proposal Thursday: White
