======== SAMPLE 1 ========
, where they were on equal footing with the President on the issue of immigration. But Mr. Trump’s   immigration policies have put Mr. Kushner in the eye of a storm over allegations of having undisclosed business interests. Mr. Kushner has never been accused of having business interests. But his campaign was dogged by allegations that Mr. Trump had a business interest in the Russian real estate developer Oleg Deripaska, who bought a prominent Washington hotel during the campaign and invited Mr. Kushner to dinner with him last fall. Mr. Kushner has never been accused of having a conflict of interest. But his brother, Charles E. Kushner, a top White House aide, was found dead from a heart attack at his home at 5 p. m. on Saturday, just yards away from Mr. Trump. There are other unresolved conflicts of interest, of course, and there are concerns, too, about a White House that is still trying to sort out what exactly happened. On Monday, The New York Times reported that Mr. Trump’s transition team was scrutinized for a possible business link between Russia and Donald F. McGahn II, the White House counsel. That was soon after the Times story ran. Mr. Trump denied those reports, saying he had been asked about the connections between Russia and Mr. Trump. Mr. Kushner is a registered Democrat, not a Republican, and his father, Jared Kushner’s father, also a senior official in the Obama administration, has never met the nominee to be the president’s top lawyer. The younger Mr. Kushner, a top adviser to Mr. Trump, never sought counsel, according to two people close to him and several reports of his father’s dealings with Mr. Trump. Mr. Kushner’s father, Louis N. Kushner, has never had a formal meeting with Mr. Trump. His meeting, it is widely expected, was in December 2016 at the offices of Michael D. Cohen, a legal adviser to the campaign. Several contacts, including one with Russia’s ambassador, are believed to have occurred in those years. “Mr. Kushner, Mr. Trump, Mr. Trump, these are the people who understand Russian foreign policy,? said the person who has a deal to provide space in the presidential compound and briefed reporters about an agreement that Mr. Kushner and his father had established years ago, on an obscure project in the Russian Orthodox settlement, where the president would receive a Russian Orthodox community delegation in Washington. “They had no reason to have meeting or negotiations with Trump about Russia, or anything like that,? said the person involved in negotiations with Mr. Kushner, who declined to be named because there was no protocol. The senior White House official said the president did not have a conflict of interest. “If there was a conflict, he would make a good president,? the official said. Many of Mr. Kushner’s family members were involved in private settlement business during their time at the Obama White House and through a senior rabbi’s  seminary in Jerusalem. But few have been allowed to participate in the discussions, the officials said. And even those who have become   are not involved in the business. Nor is it clear if they will have the same access to the White House counsel. The family business has been complicated by an informal partnership on the family’s partnership trust, formed in the 1980s with investments of $5 million or more, according to Jewish news reports. That trust has helped fund several private settlements, including a building Mr. Kushner owned in the White House complex that has the same name as a private Orthodox Jewish seminary. In private meetings in recent months, White House officials have said, there have been no formal discussions about a business arrangement or any other arrangements that could allow the Kushner family to participate in the   business venture. Mr. Kushner’s relationship with Mr. Trump began as young men studying business and financial theory’d “the Israeli economy of potential and possibilities,? one participant told the Times. “We were trying to figure out what it meant that a person of his business background and in his family business background was in the White House,? the participant said. “We were looking at the business transactions and trying to understand. In this context, we’re just looking for ways to move ahead. ? Mr. Trump would become interested in real estate, as his mother was an investor in New York real estate, having served on the board of the Trump Organization and Mr. Kushner once worked for him. Mr. Kushner began working for the president’s foundation, at one point leading the   effort with Mr. Trump’s chief of staff, Reince Priebus. He also helped the foundation with   in 2012, after the elder Mr. Trump took office, and took up a job directly overseeing foreign economic development at the Trump Organization. But it was during the presidential campaign, as Mr. Kushner approached Mr. Trump with his proposal for 
