======== SAMPLE 1 ========
.  The new, more robust system was introduced in September 2013 as a response to China s efforts to assert itself, he said.        He said there seemed to be a slight increase in traffic at the time and there was an increase in foreign tourists visiting Thailand, a country that has long seen many Chinese tourists. An increased number of Chinese tourists had also arrived in Cambodia s cities, which were struggling to cope with increased demand for their cuisine.     Chinese tourists had gone as far as hiring their Thai wives as they had.  But there s still a problem.            The Thai-Chinese relations have been strained ever since China s official visit to Phnom Penh in June because of the recent rebranding, but China has also made efforts to improve ties.    Thais still have the most contacts with China,  said a Thai official, adding that most of the Chinese tourists have visited Cambodia and were not in Phnom Penh.   We re not as good as China but we re pretty good as Chinese people,  said Thailand s first lady, Princess Maha Vajiralongkorn on Wednesday.    Thais are also having a bad relationship with the United States over U.S. support for Syrian opposition fighters, which has resulted in  anti-American sentiment in the country s major cities and a crackdown on a Thai democracy movement run by opposition leader Aung San Suu Kyi, Thai Foreign Minister Chayayat Mahathir said.   Thailand, in contrast, is a good friend, and if I have to go abroad to sell the region to U.S. companies, I have a little bit better reputation than my country,  he said on Wednesday.  There s no problem with Thailand.    We re happy with the relationship with China and we re always happy working with the U.S. countries,  he said.          In a speech in February, U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said he was  concerned  about the decline in bilateral trade with Thailand, a state-owned industry that he said could have a negative impact on the country s development.  ",<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Headline:EU's Juncker urges Britain to set clear trade barriers in EU
Content: "BRUSSELS/WELLINGTON (Reuters) - The European Commission s chief Brexit negotiator said Britain should set a number of clear trade barriers to European exporters that should only be set up after a Brexit settlement, in a thinly veiled threat aimed to temper hopes for cooperation in talks with its future trading partners.  It s up to Britain to make certain that EU citizens are not cheated,  Vice President Frans Timmermans told the European Parliament in an informal discussion on Wednesday, saying that the European Union s most senior EU diplomat and one of EU s most senior experts had suggested a way forward through which Britain can avoid a disorderly Brexit. Timmermans said on Tuesday that the most British public voices in the EU had not been on the same page with Britain. He also dismissed the suggestion that London wanted to restrict EU access for its own businesses - something London has long denied. Timmermans s message reflected a desire among EU leaders to avoid a scenario where the EU unilaterally makes the rules. He said any attempt to set those rules could risk  tearing down the foundation of European cooperation . Timmermans cited Britain and the European market as examples of the problems that could arise if Britain decides to leave the bloc.  Europe wants to create the European concept of open borders and a European passport and I have a lot to say for that, but also a European concept of the fundamental principle of sovereignty in the first instance,  Timmermans said. He urged that Prime Minister Theresa May negotiate the best trade deals for Britain as it negotiates its exit. That could be something EU leaders said they will resist in the talks with Britain.  It is an option, but there are very many possibilities. Maybe there really is one of them which is not only clear to me,  Timmermans said, adding that the EU would also consider the question of whether Britain s exit bill was reasonable.  So Europe probably would not take into account (to EU policy) Britain s leaving the EU but also its future trading relations,  he said. ",<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Headline:Italy's anti-cabinet opposition says to oppose cabinet
Content: "ROME (Reuters) - A left-wing opposition party in Italy said on Wednesday it would defy the government on the need for reforms in the euro zone s largest economy, with a pledge to block austerity measures imposed by the center-left Democratic Party. The party called the planned introduction of a new tax on companies and the sale-off of state assets to local companies the creation of a two-
