======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 stance in the Middle East. It is a little early to call this the most important thing, but if it is, he said, it is important. “It’s important to me,? he said. “It’s a part of my identity, and I feel very strongly about it.   …    I’m trying to say that it’s a different place than it is right now, but   …     I feel that there’s lots to be excited about. To me, it’s important to me.  ? So Trump told The Daily Beast at the time of the rally, “It’s a beautiful thing,? Trump told The Daily Beast at the time of the rally, “and it’s a beautiful thing and a very important thing for   . ? There is some irony in Trump saying he “might not want to be president of the United States,? but that hasn’t stopped him from playing the   in conversations, including one in which he spoke to a man who said he had asked Trump where should he go on vacation. “I don’t know, I might not want to go to the White House every week,? Trump responded, when the man said he doesn’t live in the White House complex. The meeting between Trump and the Australian Prime Minister could potentially be the clearest example yet that Trump still has deep ties with   people and companies. Over in Australia, Trump’s recent interactions with   individuals and companies have focused largely on the   business. For example, the American businessman has a number of investments in the country’s   financial sector: One of them is L. A. LIVE, the   production company behind the   Super Bowl Halftime Show that, among other things, features the now defunct NFL star Tom Brady. According to Bloomberg, Trump’s office and L. A. Live reached a $3. 2 billion agreement earlier this year with the Malaysian government to host one of the two biggest Australian Music Awards each year. It was the largest single investment by an American company to date. And Trump has long been a keen soccer fan, attending the 2014 Vancouver Olympics, signing a deal with the Canadian soccer team. In fact, Trump made his first trip to Brazil only two months ago. The Los Angeles Times notes, but Trump’s campaign has made clear he’s not comfortable hosting both the Olympics and the Super Bowl in the same year."<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Headline:’Trump’s Plan to Defeat ISIS Is a Way to Combat the Islamic State
----------
Content:"The White House press secretary, Sean Spicer, described Wednesday’s announcement as “a   for everybody. ? But the   move only raises more questions about Trump’s approach toward the world, given that he has also made claims about Muslims that are demonstrably false. “I don’t know that it’s helpful in that way,? Spicer said when asked about how he would combat the Islamic State with American ground troops and perhaps some new toys. “I don’t think that that’s a very logical move. ? He added: “We’re doing what we do best. We’re having a discussion on the side of freedom of expression. We’re looking for ways to combat the Islamic State. ? But the president has also made some of the claims that the United States’ conflicts of interest overreach into, “where is the conflict of interest??? In fact, as The Times of Israel has reported, Trump and his lawyer released a joint statement on Thursday saying that since his father was President Trump’s father, he is now the  . The statement called on the government of Pakistan to stop “acts of terror? against the United States, “because they’re doing things that they can’t and because we have to stand together. ? It continued: “We call upon the government of Saudi Arabia to stop providing support to ISIL,? and Saudi Arabia has long been the largest foreign owner of the soccer team Manchester City. “I don’t think we take pride with playing some of the most successful games in the world, either the Super Bowl, the Masters, the Masters, the Masters, all of it,? Trump said of the   contest. “What does that say about our country, we do everything for the world they want to do for the world. ? But it’s Trump’s son Eric and   that seems to be the target, as have been all week. According to ABC News, Eric Trump posted on Twitter to his parents’   that he’s been invited to appear on the cover of Time magazine.
