======== SAMPLE 1 ========
:"In the last few years we have gone through this with several Republican senators and we have two now. We may have to try to have a   fight if they want to get to yes. And there’s no reason, right? It’s not been successful with the Democrats before. When I left for New York in September, I was a little worried: Will the Democrats be there? Will Trump be there? Do I get to just say, “Oh, I’m sorry? and be forgiven? The way I’m doing it is all three things. The first thing they all know is that when you say, “You’re sorry, right? they want to go and be angry at you. So I think it’s working well. The second thing I think is working well in the sense that they are making their cases very aggressively trying to get Democrats on board and Republicans on board for everything. But I think in the final analysis, what is going to happen in the United States is that all of the    people will become more politically apathetic. But Democrats will continue to be politically anxious, not less. Which reminds me to add that the Democrats have a new nominee to succeed Obama, and they just got a new nominee. I’m assuming that they will do exactly the same thing to keep the Senate filled until they get there. But the things that are happening in the United States, particularly at the moment, have really affected American politics a lot, and I do think some conservatives are worried. But the things that were going on before that had not been able to get that to progress, which is partly because I’m a conservative. The things that were going on in the United States before people even got angry at Trump, the very first thing to go was some sort of “we’re going to do. ? The next thing is more    people are starting to vote for the same party. Which gives the Democrats hope that voters are getting tired of the partisan politics they’re used to. I can’t get too excited about that, but what I think they are waiting for is not really a party change. What Trump is doing is getting more ideologically committed to a   agenda. Now, he’s already alienated conservatives —  because he’s campaigned against them and they didn’t vote for him —  so he’s going to continue to do things that can be damaging. And I think he’s even more committed to   ideology, not less ideologically committed. So the biggest question with the Democrats going forward is if and when they get there —  in other words how will they appeal to swing voters? A lot of people seem to have doubts that they can get along with someone as radical as Trump because the only way to be able to pull people together is to be willing to just break with them in a way they don’t like, like a nuclear bomb. In other words, I think he wants to go out and destroy ISIS, which is the other big thing. And that he would do that by bombing ISIS into oblivion, but I think that they need some kind of nuclear element. And the next nuclear element to be able to do that is nuclear deterrence. The next weapon to be able to do that is ICBMs, which is a subcaliber missile, and ICBMs alone are ineffective to deter an attack. Basically, a nuclear   missile is a very   force  —  that can deter attacks. Another new category of  : electronic warfare. That’s a new category of weapon that was created to disrupt the U. S. and NATO forces, but it’s still a way to deter, and to destroy targets. The next level that’s not so new. And when it comes to electronic warfare, there are more weapons that are easier to carry, and they are lighter and lighter and lighter and lighter than traditional electronic devices. The electronic warfare comes, like the electronic  bombs, with a “radioactive core? —  the nuclear payload that has a certain number of nuclear weapons. I wouldn’t say it’s like nuclear weapons with nuclear warheads. Instead, they have much more aplomb, very light and easy to carry. I think we’re going to see more weapons, not less. At some point, they’re probably going to be used to destroy things. That’s what I can see happening if the U. S. really became a new state of power —  that’s what happens when a state gains global military or political power. So the question is whether or not [the U. S. would be able to] go after threats to global stability, which is always the goal of international security and international politics and the relationship with other states. Because once the U. S. becomes a global power, we have many
