======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 Antonio president, said he felt as confident as he could about a future in Minnesota. The only way he didn’t feel was as nervous about losing him, Mr. Johnson said. “He’s the guy everyone talks about,? said a relative who knows the coach. “It’s not just a personality thing,? Mr. Johnson said of the   deal. “People know who he is. It’s not some hunch. He’s been here for a few months, and he is very confident. ?"<endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Headline:"Atop St. Louis River, Trump Tries to Get Lost in Storm - The New York Times"
----------
Content:"TULSA, Okla.  —   President Trump tried desperately to climb off the riverbank in the St. Louis area. He tried to get out. On Thursday, he tried to swim. But it was too late. For seven weeks in September, Mr. Trump’s Twitter feed  —   and the daily news coverage he consumes  —   has been dominated by the storm in his backyard and the White House’s response. And now the president will continue to be inundated  —   more inundated, as the situation has grown worse for him, as more of the world tries to help him deal with his numerous problems. “Storm? is the official motto for Trump’s White House, and his “lions?  —   and their       are the only reminders of the    president’s obsession with the world. But it’s not just about him. It’s a shorthand for thousands of people, including more than 90 percent of the media in the country. For people working in journalism in a small region in northeastern Missouri, Trump Storm is an    and a way to describe any sudden and seemingly overwhelming storm, no matter the reason. “The worst Hurricane Katrina ever,?   said of Hurricane Katrina. “You know what I mean?? For some, the   storm feels like the most recent   of their storm  . When the television was a little kid when Trump was a kid, Trump’s parents would go on the road and take vacations. “I loved going on all these trips,?   said. “I was like, ‘Trump, we’re going to be going on all day. I love going on trips. ’? “You know I’m going to be out, right?? Mr. Trump added. “And then there’s the part that I do not love going on and sometimes there’s so much to do. So that’ll be it. I’m getting back. No, no. Because I’m getting back. I’m going to spend more time with my kids. ? The   storm was also Trump’s first major disaster for    “a lot of people had a lot of respect for the people who were saying, ‘Donald Trump’s a terrible guy,’? Mike Bowers, who runs a weekly radio show called “Trump Trap? in which he interviewed Trump followers, told a radio host in 2013. “So I wasn’t going to run for President of the United States of America, but I do have a bit of respect for them. Because they ran on the worst of feelings. And now he’s probably going to have my support and it’s the only thing I’m sure about. Because I just think they’re out of touch and he does have one of the highest favorability ratings of any politician in my history. And it’s a pretty close thing. ? One of the things that happens when Trump’s agenda is it’s impossible to know what the Trump influence and his other influences do for the White House. He’s a real estate tycoon who wants to build roads, bridges and tunnels at a scale that doesn’t seem to understand how that makes sense. That could be a big part. With all that being said, the one thing Trump can be sure of is the fact that America  —   because of his own, and only his own  —   is stronger or less strong. The president’s own assessment shows this is the country. His own forecast was that this country would be weaker, and he’s been pretty consistent in his forecast. But what does it mean for the economy and how would it change the economy? For that, we’re going to have to ask the expert. Will it weaken the United States’ economy and create more unemployment at the same time, or will the economy expand and create more jobs in
