======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 endlessly the same as the bestseller list. ? If you go online this week to the book’s publisher where he worked, and click on the title you will be taken to a copy of William A. Widmark’s bestselling “The Road,? an essay on the importance of preparation before a big trip. What’s more, the book’s synopsis   with the words “prepared for unforeseen challenges? gives an   account of many of Widmark’s experiences  —   including traveling to the Indian frontier and experiencing firsthand the terror of the slave trade  —   and, in an ironic twist, the cover story of the same book tells the tale of the narrator, who travels a world of people who are prepared for challenges. One last time I bought “The Road,? as it was called, because it just didn’t have the ring for the title anymore.  And that book was one big   adventure. I wish I could watch it again with all my heart, but I don’t have the energy. I don’t feel like it. ?"<endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Headline:"Snap Price Hits $24 Billion, Valuing Company at $16. 6 Billion - The New York Times"
----------
Content:"Graphene is so far the only material on earth capable of insulating a large part of an atom from the rest of the atom. Today it is a critical component in electronics, the bonding glue used to attach electronic components to one another and to make atomic nuclei. But graphene is also a promising new path toward superconductivity, the   property that underlies nearly every object from computer chips to semiconductors. On Tuesday, researchers from the University of California, Los Angeles, announced the discovery of a way to insulate a very large percentage of a single wafer, from a semiconductor transistor to a superconductor. And they noted another discovery  —   the  theory of the way that graphene should be used to make insulators. The discovery, made entirely by UC Santa Barbara, is the most far-reaching demonstration of the concept in the history of electronics  —   and the most important step toward realizing it ever, as the researchers put California in the driver’s seat for the entire field. The study, described last week in a research article by a team led by the University of California Santa Barbara, builds on a handful of other recent breakthroughs and opens the door to a new, promising era for superconducting materials. For all the promise of superconductivity, materials scientists have long faced a series of hurdles, some technical, some esoteric. In 2015, researchers from Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company, an industry leader, released an     “Graphene Oxide Nanowire? and said it would take just five   molecules to achieve superconductivity—   a high number of which could be found in graphene. The company has since scaled up its nanowire production and is currently mass producing about 10 billion metric tons of graphene oxide a year to help meet demand. Until last year, researchers working in the golys had been able to bend graphene by first bonding the molecules in layers on top of one another like braid, then adding anionic hydrogen ions, which are a natural gas ion. But the new study, by UC Santa Barbara chemists, offers another avenue for bending the carbon lattice. The new study was carried out by researchers led by Zhigang Zhang, a professor at the Nanjing Institutes of Materials Research, in collaboration with other researchers at the University of California, Santa Cruz. At the Nanjing Institutes of Materials Research, in Nanjing, China, Zhang and his team were studying the effect that pressure, a quantum mechanical constant, on the semiconducting materials known as Graphene, as measured on the electronic scale by Ohm over a period of months at a time scale of a few nanoseconds. And they noticed a pattern that seemed to emerge when the pressure was applied. The researchers realized they had found their way to the right material. “That’s when I first started to see a pattern emerging straight off our lab,? said Zhang, “so we started to explore it more and more. ? At UC Santa Cruz, which along with UCLA has produced some of the world’s most advanced research into the physics of graphene, Zhang also discovered a way to bond Graphene to a wafer. As seen in lab spectra, the researchers noted in December that Graphene can bend and modulate very efficiently, with one conformal layer of Graphene giving a rise of nearly one million ohms through its resistance to thermal shock. “It’s remarkable in many ways,? said Zaw Lin, a professor of materials science and engineering, “but it doesn’t exist
