======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 Saudi American Institute for Social Policy and Understanding. In response to a detailed question about religious institutions in the US, Richard Wilkins, one of the institute’s trustees, said, “For a secular institution like the MBTA, a significant number of the staff have been affiliated with the   ’99 Muslim Brotherhood. Many of the faculty, however, are not affiliated with the organization. ? The MBTA, which has a stated endowment of $25 million and which was founded by a   of the Egyptian government during the rule of former King Tut, has used the funds to enhance programs on education and religious and cultural interaction with students and to fund research. Last year, the institute organized a “Resolution? series in opposition to the   Egyptian Islamic Movement, which has called for the creation of an Islamic state and has encouraged organizations such as the MBTA and the Arab Muslim Association to “counter hate? against Islam. The president William Smith gave a powerful speech at the National Association of Christian Schools. Jennifer Gollan gave a passionate speech at Middlebury. The president of the American Enterprise Institute, Larry Summers, gave more than 15 minutes of speech. Many of the educators speaking out have been prominent by their association with conservative Christian institutions. Peter G. Seligman, a professor of economics and education history at Boston College and a   of the American Enterprise Institute, noted that today’s students “should be taught to aspire to and support diversity of thought. Diversity of thought is key to diversity of learning. ? David Campbell, a   professor at Boston College and a member of the ABA’97 State of the Union Policy Commission, said the ABA is “more of a progressive institution where a lot of the time the school is kind of being open to all. ? “I believe it’s a sign of progress that after all the controversy and   this year, they actually put out a statement on all sides,? he said. “I hope it’s a sign of progress that this issue got some good press, because then people will be inspired to do more and better. ? Campbell criticized the   organization for having a diversity of thought policy “only to troll the ABA. ? He mentioned some of the other prominent   organizations, such as the Catholic Association of America, Baptist Press and the Evangelical Fellowship of America. “I think it’s important to me that [the ABA] is a big brand in the world, and people know that the ABA doesn’t think religious doctrine is anything bad,? Campbell said. “You don’t need to give an opinion to understand that. ? Campbell also criticized the American Enterprise Institute for focusing too much on religion. “I do think that this kind of policy is necessary to have broader discussions about a range of issues that religious institutions spend a ton of time on,? Campbell said. As I wrote last year, ABA gives money to about 200 universities and colleges that describe themselves as nonpartisan it makes more than $600, 000 a year to about 3, 000 individual institutions. The organization does not support any political parties or political affiliations. Its research suggests that just over half of religious students believe communism is bad for the world.   The AHA issued a joint statement last year with the Center for Christian Economic Research, saying, “The work of the American Enterprise Institute is not meant to be political, educational, or research. ? Campbell said the organization supports the AHA, but does not want it to be the “voice for American Muslim and Christian economic success. ? As with several other   organizations, the AHA is heavily   and historically   its stated mission is to “enhance the civic and social awareness of Christian Evangelicals about religious pluralism. ? The organization receives funding from the George Soros foundations *** *** About 80 percent of the money raised in political campaigns in the   raised by groups like the AHA comes from supporters of Democrats and Republicans in Congress, including $500, 000 from the liberal Center for American Progress. The Center for American Progress is one of the   advocates for more money in politics. But much of the    in the upper reaches of the political economy is tied up in the electoral process, especially the Senate, in the form of   expensive   ads that saturate the airwaves. Even with   spending by   groups like the AHA, many lawmakers are reluctant to pony up, because they don’t want their fellow partisans in business (and even if they did, most Republican challengers are   in 2018) and because the group’s 501( c)3 tax exempts it from disclosure rules that Republicans and conservatives face on a regular basis. In recent weeks, the group’s president, Tony Perkins, has become involved in an unusual split. At a private meeting with fellow board member Frank LoBiondo last
