======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 apply the same techniques? It’s just been a matter of finding the right person to do the job. ? While Mr. Bannon’s ascension to power has been slow, it’s clear his days remain numbered in the eyes of his former colleagues, though the public has barely noticed until midmorning on Tuesday. As Mr. Bannon’s office swoons with champagne and   as he prepares to depart, the   Mr. Priebus is already back on schedule, according to Mr. Kelly, who was named interim chief of staff last week. The two met two weeks ago at the White House. One official who was present said Mr. Kelly spoke to Mr. Bannon about the appointment and said Mr. Bannon was pleased and asked if he needed a favor, according to an official who was aware of the meeting. Mr. Kelly then proceeded to inform the Bannon associates of his request. The White House declined several minutes later when pressed by The Times about Mr. Spicer’s firing. “The secretary’s office asked me about it, I said, ‘Are you worried about it now that Trump is gone?’ Here’s the thing about it, and it’s almost comical considering that Trump was going to drop his plan because he was afraid of that question,’? Mr. Kelly said. The official who spoke with The Times said Mr. Kelly made a similar request to Mr. Priebus several weeks ago but was not persuaded to sign it. Mr. Bannon’s spokesman said the two were discussing the appointment. The appointment appears to be only the latest effort to derail his authority, but the White House’s most unlikely of attempts to rein in his authority. His aides emphasized the delay of his order while he decides whether to take a   federal position from him, and the president said few people will ever be able to follow through on his campaign promises. They also contrasted him with the president of Senator Marco Rubio, who, as president, would never have named a candidate after the election. “By the way, Marco, wait a minute, did I mention that we are not in the same situation?? Mr. Trump said at a January rally. ? “Look at it now, is it bad? It’s comical. And what happened to the wonderful guy who was running for president of the United States? That’s a sad state of play. I say this all very simply for the sake of debate: We are not in the same position, not in the same situation, that this man was in? It would be like a dream comes true. ? The official who spoke with The Times said Mr. Trump’s advisers had asked him to turn over any information he had about Russian involvement in the campaign or his transition that he had gathered in the months before Mr. Trump’s inauguration to officials at 1600 Pennsylvania Ave. In particular, aides explained what had happened to Mr. Trump, including those in   transition and transition, the White House and all of the campaigns. The official said Mr. Trump believed in March 2nd that he had no choice but to stay in the campaign. “The reality is, Donald Trump, I don’t know if they can pull off this thing either,? the official said. “There would be an incredible thing to come out of that. I want to see it, and I want to see it very badly. I would be absolutely terrified of what it would mean in a certain sense. But as opposed to everybody else who is going through the same thing to do the world, I have something to show. ?  At the end of a brief discussion with Mr. Bannon, Mr. Trump stated his opinion that it would be better for him to stay in the campaign than to run and attempt a transition away from the campaign. “This guy is on the wrong side of history and ought to stay in politics I said they should stay in politics and he can’t come out because he was a friend of mine,? Mr. Trump said. Mr. Kushner has come under fire for Mr. Trump’s comments regarding Russia. His spokeswoman, Sarah Huckabee Sanders, issued the   disavowal Wednesday afternoon a moment after the White House released its revised version of the statement about Mr. Trump. She said he was wrong to try to build a case that President Barack Obama had wiretapped him in March of 2015. “In my book, I did not attempt to put any case out,? said Ms. Sanders, who was the interim communications director for the Obama administration before Mr. Trump made the statement. “I was merely attempting to put out the truth and what she’s doing now is trying to blame it all on wiretaps and I don’t want to get into that nonsense,? Ms. Sanders said. The official who spoke with The Times said Mr. Trump would have preferred that the conversation never become public.
