======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 schools with more than 50% black students, like KIPP. But the   of black students, as opposed to white and Latino students, has fallen and white students have gotten higher grades, according to research by the   research project, which includes professors at the University of Missouri and the University of Pennsylvania. “There is a    phenomenon where white students, regardless of socioeconomic background, are more likely to excel academically at universities with large numbers of students of color,? said Ms. Stemple, who is black. “This is not something one necessarily wants to or believes is possible,? she added, “but it’s real. ? A   analysis of data from the SAT and the ACT that takes into account socioeconomic background suggests that students who have an education from a white institution are more likely to make it to the top of the exam. But while those from a lower socioeconomic background are at lower risk, black and Hispanic students still perform worse than white and Asian students. (Ms. Stemple was born white, and her children are white, but she is Hispanic.) Students who attend schools that lack a diversity of cultural and ethnicities are more likely to come from a marginalized background, according to the research, which adds that in some cases poverty and a history of disadvantage contribute to inferior academic performance. Asian-American students perform at a lower rate, but their achievement is still higher than white students. Ms. Stemple has studied racial disparities in public education at the university, which is predominantly multiracial. She is also an advocate for educational institutions that have the option to adopt more progressive approaches. “Race, of course, has a bearing on performance in schools and in government, but what is especially relevant are the disparities in outcomes across socioeconomic lines,? Mr. Crivella said. “That’s what I am working to do. ?"<endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Headline:New York City Subway Station to Become More Efficient - The New York Times
----------
Content:"New York City is looking to do away with an obsolete, noisy and inefficient system, and with the help of $4. 5 billion in federal loans and subsidies, may soon install a new one on the city’s subway system. The city will spend $1. 2 billion to buy, upgrade and reestablish the elevated platform in the Williamsburg section of Brooklyn, replacing a section that received more than $10 million in federal, city and state money, mostly through a program that subsidizes construction of the subway. New technology will help stop riders from climbing over the tracks while mumbling obscenities or flailing their arms as they wait for their trains to arrive on time. The project aims to revitalize an area that has largely remained in darkness despite its   proximity to Manhattan, and is prone to minor violence during rush hour. But its backers say it will also free up precious subway corridors that already are crowded with cars. The subway extension from Williamsburg to Bushwick, a borough south of New York, is undergoing an upgrade. The new platform will have a narrower track that can handle larger trains. Also, a train attendant will be stationed at every station to make sure it has enough space to carry as many people as its current platform. In total, New York City will borrow $1. 2 billion to renovate the infrastructure of the subway, including a signal system, signal boxes and platform platforms. It will also expand bus routes and expand its electric station. The federal contribution covers the roughly $1. 5 billion to get the project started. The federal government is funding about 70% of the cost overrun, the New York Herald reported. In New York City, it is the sixth rail replacement in five years. But the subway has always been a divisive subject. Public frustrations rose as the subway served commuters for years, and the subway’s failure to accommodate all those pushing and shoving commuters. In 1995, Mayor Rudolph W. Giuliani declared the subway an improvement of no value. He later apologized to the subway supporters for the subway’s perceived shortcomings. In 2008, a subway extension to Jamaica Plain between Manhattan and Queens, long a sore spot for subway opponents, was rerouted. The subway was also plagued by a decade of delays and problems along the elevated platform and over the tracks. In 2015, the Metropolitan Transportation Authority, the city agency that maintains the subway, announced a $220 million line would be completed by July. But in December, the MTA shut down the line after it was discovered that tunnels under the platform had been opened without an operating permit. After the MTA stopped the project, Metrolinx, the federal agency that serves Montreal on the eastern line, proposed building a new elevated line across the Hudson river. But on a warm June afternoon in Manhattan, the mayor of the borough whose residents depend on the subway, Bill de Blasio, stood at the subway station flanked by members of the MTA and the U. S
