======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 dug from the remains of his mother’s home, the   hotel in the heart of Havana. Officials say more than 260 people were killed. The remains of nine people are expected to be identified on the island, which is particularly fragile because of the rapid spread of the Cuban media. Among the nine bodies was a   British tourist named Samantha, also identified in the hotel’s records  —   a survivor of the 1960s, a long time gone for good. At least 70 of her 39 bodies have not been found. The US embassy in Havana has closed its doors in the wake of the deaths. The embassy’s chief operating officer, Carlos Estevez, told the Associated Press that embassy staff were urgently seeking the return of some of the roughly 4, 000   tourists who had stayed at the complex. Estevez said the embassy remained “in contact? with Samantha’s family but “the embassy is in contact with and will assist? with any remaining needs. Officials are trying to determine who was responsible for the deaths. The embassy has been tightlipped in public about the deaths since it was first reported on Saturday and the British embassy declined to provide figures on the number of British nationals who have died at the site over the past two months. The Canadian embassy did not respond to a request for information."<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Headline:"The new world of video game journalism has arrived"
----------
Content:"I spent a few days with my    cousins, friends who I hadn’t seen in years. We took long jumps, took the train and ate dinner outdoors. But we were staying at a hotel. The sun was still burning and the air smelled of green grass. My cousin had been to Miami three years earlier. When he returned, I was still reeling at the newness of the place. He was from Ohio and had worked at Disney in the nineteen sixties, but he loved his job, he loved making people happy. At the end of his last day we went to an amusement park in Orlando, Florida. “We used to play video games there,? cousin Aaron told me. “It used to be a circus, now it’s just like playing baseball with family who went to church on Sundays with no kids. ? We walked past a lot of people smiling and laughing in the distance. I tried to speak with cousin Aaron about games. “I like the idea of independent production  —   so there are no commercials,? he told me. “All the titles, all the artists, are independent. ? That was in the seventies. It was a small town that didn’t have any   game companies. It was a rural place where they used to play baseball on Friday nights as the men in green went out to eat sausage rolls in the parking lot. These days there are games that use their own proprietary technology, such as an overhead projector or Kinect, and they play better. The games can be played with an advantage for players, so they may seem slower in some respects but they are more approachable in others. I was fascinated by this new kind of video gaming. One of the guys at the Disney Orlando offices, they were using something called a “retro video game? and a “Halo clone? one of the more bizarre creations I’ve seen in all of gaming. Players wore various costumes to various sporting events and had different hairstyles and drank expensive wine on the weekends. Then there were the kinds of sports teams that had games. There were the NFL teams, the NFL teams “with kids? “with elders? “young kids? “underachieving? “brains in the back row?. In one instance a team went to a local restaurant where they gave out “skate stickers? to the people who worked there. I looked at my cousin and, to our great surprise, I saw a picture of my cousin Aaron wearing those stickers. We’d been there many times and the way he looked is like a character from “Family Guy? played by Jason Segel. You have to see it for it. He is smiling, I remember. He is just talking. If there are other examples like this they are all we’ve seen. The NFL uses Tom Brady’s left pinky to signify the left tackle was sacked early in the Patriots   win over the Jaguars. “That was just Tom’s reaction,? cousin Aaron told me, “when I say this to others that maybe they didn’t appreciate what my brother was doing. ? But he’s just playing it straight, he never tells you, like he did for the Jaguars. “This is a different world than when we first came here,? his father said. “We lived in a bigger world. This world is what we
