======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 and which she said had been a disaster.  She blamed her predecessors and said the U.S. had  failed miserably  in confronting terrorism. Trump, a former reality TV show host who has never held public office, also tried to cast the episode as a partisan stunt. He blamed Hillary Clinton, who was secretary of state during Obama s administration, for her mishandling of classified information when she was secretary of state. The White House refused to comment. Clinton accused Trump of using his power at the Justice Department to take advantage of the FBI to attack his rivals with a false allegation, and said he had lied when he stated in TV talk shows that he never directed any wiretapping of his Trump Tower. “It’s unfortunate that Trump had to make the same false claim about wiretapping to the president,” Clinton said in a statement. She rejected Trump’s argument that the FBI “had nothing to do with this information.” Clinton, who is seeking re-election, has been a frequent critic of Trump throughout the campaign and now may have more time to make her case against him. Trump said Clinton had a “convenient” victory over Republican Democratic candidates in the nominating race of November who supported him. He suggested Clinton had made a mistake when she said she had never ordered her private email server “because there was no evidence they ordered it.” Trump also criticized her judgment. She said she had been in an “obstruction” mode during the presidential campaign, although she has since said she did not tell FBI Director James Comey that he had reopened the review of her emails. The Democratic National Convention in Cleveland, which is being watched closely, is in full swing. The party’s national convention is July 18, and Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee chairman Ben Wikler, one of Clinton’s biggest donors, said he would not support Trump until he “resolutely repudiates everything that President Obama had said in that letter” and “takes a step forward to an honest investigation into everything that has caused this issue”. Although Trump has offered an unsubstantiated allegation on television, both Clintons are under investigation in federal prosecutors’ offices. Trump dismissed Clinton as a “patsy,” not her “real beauty,” calling her a “choker.” Clinton on Wednesday said she would campaign alongside her in Cleveland for the third presidential debate on Sept 23, which Clinton said at some point “must have been a terrible set.”  “I don’t need those apologies. I’m ready for the fight,” Clinton told Reuters. “Trump has a history of saying he didn’t mean anything. He needs to come clean with transparency. In the first place, it had nothing to do with the investigation into Secretary Clinton’s emails.” “It was not a crime for her to treat this way. It wasn’t her own. The Clintons are a disaster that was just too much,” she added. Her husband, longtime president Bill Clinton, is scheduled to campaign with his wife in Washington against Trump in less than two weeks.  Trump and Clinton are likely to face off on the debate stage of the first debate on Sept 23 in Cleveland, in which the first Republican presidential nominee faces off against Libertarian U.S. Senator Gary Johnson. Trump suggested in an interview broadcast on Thursday that Clinton’s emails were “damaging” to her candidacy. Clinton said Trump attacked her after he said Clinton had her “totally fabricated” story about meeting with the Russian ambassador in January.  Clinton said Trump had told him that Russia did not interfere in the election. “I remember a day, maybe, when Donald Trump said he was going to wiretap me. That got him suspended. But I can vouch for what Trump told me,” Clinton said. She said that when he was asked if she was aware of Trump making the accusation, “he said, ‘Nobody that’s ever done a wiretap. Not me, not Trump. No Democrat ever did.” Clinton has called Trump a “liar,” but did not specify what kind of allegation Trump might make. Clinton did not immediately respond to a request for comment. Clinton said she hoped Trump would take the lead to help him, and said Trump had no right to do it. The former second U.S. president took part in Tuesday night’s nationally televised Republican debate with Trump.  Trump, a Manhattan real estate mogul who has never previously held public office, said of Clinton, “She is a phony. She is a clown.”  Clinton said Trump has said he was “sad” to be questioned about the allegation. He said Trump “totally denies” what the Washington Post reported. “It has nothing to do with Russia. It has nothing
