======== SAMPLE 1 ========
, to the new site for a period of 24 years. The old camp used by the residents was moved from its new facility on the Czech side last year, according to local media.  The new camp was in the centre of Prague after the authorities demolished the old camp in December.        ",<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Headline:FIFA president insists he has no idea of how World Cup may run
Content: "FIFA president Sepp Blatter is so sure that he has no idea of what the 2018 World Cup will be and the decisions of other tournament organisers will be the same as those of FIFA to take place and he cannot have any doubts at all, Sepp Blatter told CNBC after last night’s World Cup in Brazil.  To me FIFA has to give equal priority to every country and give everyone a fair and fair performance.  Fifa will take into consideration all the possible factors in the future to make sure the most important world tournament will take place at the appropriate rate to avoid being too far-fetched or premature.  Fifa has always made decisions, but Blatter will not be able to predict the future, Blatter said, but he said he would be confident that in 2018 Brazil will have the biggest championship tournament. Blatter said Fifa would be “very active” to help make sure there was a fair and transparent World Cup for the hosts, from Russia to the USA. Blatter also said he was looking forward to hosting the 2018 World Cup in his country and that he now knows how the country feels. ",<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Headline:FIFA president defends president from controversy
Content: "WORTHAM - The World Cup, just a week after winning the first game of CONCACAF qualifying for the tournament, is to be seen as a crucial tournament, not just a tournament to fill up the tournament. That’s part of what the tournament is, but all the players and coaches in Sao Paulo who play for their country will take in the biggest events as normal.  They’re a bit more like a sports festival. There are going to be some big matches, and there are going to be some great matches. So it’s the real thing,” he told reporters before kickoff on Tuesday night in a World Cup qualifying campaign in Brazil to be followed by the 2017 FIFA World Cup in Doha.  Blatter says he is going to watch the match from a certain distance, saying a lot of things have to be taken away from the match because of. He says he will be very worried about when things are going wrong, but he’s going to give more weight on this stuff. And I know he’s going to get upset, but I’m going to be cool.” He was talking about the World Cup and about his team’s progress, as a group with Brazil facing Argentina and Mexico playing in an opening-round playoff match. He said he was disappointed to be playing one of the best teams that he possibly has seen in a decade, but he sees the World Cup as a bigger step. If the games aren’t just what they are, they are a big step too. He also defended Sepp Blatter, saying Blatter had handled the issue of corruption and the pressure of playing his country, but he cannot say why, because it’s a matter of his personal life, which he’ll continue when he’s on the court. Blatter says that FIFA needs to be respected. The decision makers are not as competent as they should be. And they have to be. The corruption scandals, the lack of transparency, the lack of transparency  all these problems, it’s time to change. The World Cup is a chance to ensure that FIFA is transparent and accountable, Blatter said. Blatter, who won his third FIFA W-A on Tuesday at the World Cup in a third-place finish after losing his U.S. World Cup gold medal, said: We need to make sure that the World Cup is transparent from the start. You also should tell all countries to go through this World Cup playing the best and you don’t want it to turn into a show.” Blatter said he expected people to get angry on the sidelines that FIFA will be too much for them. It is not as though of World Cup teams getting into one of the biggest domestic tournaments  to pay some of the richest teams in the tournament. Blatter, who is playing the U.S.-based Quakes as an assistant coach in charge of Brazil s CONCACAF World Cup roster, will keep his duties while hosting the World Cup.  So I will keep playing for my country,” Blatter said. This will be the first time the team has been drawn against a reigning world champion.  My job is to represent and
