======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 the United States, and they know this,? he told the audience in a video. “With this much evidence, and what’s at Stake in Bosnia  —   and beyond  —   this is like nothing you’ve seen before or since. And it’s scary. ? The BfV had warned in November that it was considering withdrawing its support for the Kosovo campaign because of the “  overreach?. But critics of the US government’s decision to back the Kosovo campaign say it has only fuelled the rise of rightwing extremism in the country. In the same location  —   a former ski resort and skiing area  —   hundreds of asylum seekers have been sheltering in the snow for the past two years. Jan Eglinger, a       ­ Swedish newspaper  —   reported last month that the government had put out a tender to build a wall between Turkey and Europe. However, details of the proposal have since been revealed as being riddled with problems not fit for purpose.  “This wall is about as poor as a coffin,? said Martin Ehrenburg, a     Swedish newspaper editor who was previously based in Istanbul. “And what’s a cemetery. The thought that these people leave their children and grandchildren behind is almost more depressing. ? The Erfurt professor Alexis Devenpe, a sociologist and scholar of modern German politics, said the Wall Street Journal essay was “an example of how the   opportunism of the rightward drift has taken over the leftward drift of the rightward drift.  “The fall of the Berlin Wall was followed by a similar process of decay. But while the German state has been hurriedly celebrating its successes, it has been simultaneously grappling with the aftermath of the migration crisis. Whereas the former G20 leaders strove to contain their own excesses, the current generation of politicians and intellectuals is painfully aware of them. In his 2015 book Germany in Bloom, sociologist Christoph Heer investigates how the country has accommodated its migrant population. According to research by Heer and Matthias Muller, BfV officials have for years failed to recognize the influx of migrants as a problem, instead focusing only on getting migrants off of welfare and into employment. Instead, the authorities have tended to treat asylum seekers as a kind of pests, threatening the stability of the German state. In 2014, the Bundeswehr sued the BfV claiming that it had spent too little on the frontline and on the army’s equipment. The suit against the BfV also take claims about the BfV’s willingness to house refugees. In August 2015, the German government launched a   campaign to combat what it called the “existential? threat the asylum seekers pose to society.  The first protests took place in Jena after the summer solstice, when a small minority of   asylum seekers refused to be housed in a    tent city and went underground. The next protest was in Essen, the site of a notorious summer camp hosted by the BfV. Since then, thousands of activists, most of them younger than 24, have been camping out. This temporary accommodation has been used by around 90, 000 asylum seekers, according to a local government official. Around 60 of them have so far signed up for the    scheme, and around 30 have been housed in the summer heat. “We have a responsibility to look after the migrants,? said Mohammad Mohammad Mohammad, a       of the camp. “But at the same time, we have to make sure that they have rights. ? It is a stark contrast to the picturesque locations that dot the banks of the Donau and the Samal island. The crowded situation has been brought to the doorstep of Germany’s   politicians. In recent weeks, reports of   politicians have surged through the newspaper front pages, as pressure mounts on Merkel to admit more refugees into the country.  The German tabloid Bild ran the headline “The Devil has dressed up,? referring to Germany’s longtime chancellor, Osamu Baraka, who has a reputation for frugality. According to local tax authorities, Baraka has been married to the Greek state’s minister for finance since 2002, when his wife, Beatrice, was pregnant with their fifth child, Adil Rami. In August, Beatrice filed for an asylum after fleeing violence in Syria but was turned away at the border. The couple’s four children  —   now almost all aged 12 and 13  —   are Syrian refugees in the northern Greek island.  Mohammad, 18, is now the focus of intense public anger over what he saw as gross incompetence and wilful indifference to the environment.  “I see trucks and buses bringing in the Syrian guys  —   but what are the Greek guys planning to do with
