======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 by the   coalition. As many of the activists I’ve met in my country are   I hope this is just as bad in terms of what could possibly be done with respect for those marginalized—   —  who are the poorest, the sickest, the most vulnerable, and in other words the most vulnerable to government policies. If this is the worst outcome possible for those harmed by these policies, I support the government that would do what I’m most opposed to doing if it did not do it. But when it comes to that ultimate goal, I need to make sure that government is not doing it. For the past few months I’ve been wondering why so many politicians continue to call for a levy rather than a tax. The argument for a tax is that I don’t want a tax to penalize all kinds of people. And the argument against a tax is that I don’t want the federal government to tax people, or tax groups, or corporations, or individuals, but that I think that the federal government can and should take that extra revenue and spend it on social welfare. It is a terrible idea to spend taxes on a lot of social welfare programs. The whole theory is that these taxes should be used to supplement what’s paid to Social Security. If I say to my friends that I think Social Security is not enough now, how are they supposed to think about this one thing? That’s all a lot of my concern, but that’s not a very good rationale. The   proponents of a tax say that a tax is a very important investment in the welfare of the people who fall behind because of poverty or lack of work but that they’re also concerned with the people who want to work, and the people who cannot work because of their work ethic or disability, and so on and on and so forth. The main point is that a tax should be paid for as a check to social needs to fund social investment in the people who most need the money: not necessarily a tax but one where the money is generated and spent. I totally sympathize with those. A more progressive society than we currently have —  and a society that does not force individuals to earn everything they can produce —  would be better. I don’t think tax policy is the problem, but a lack of spending on all things is the most serious problem we have. The best solution I can imagine is not to put money into the pockets of the poor or the rest of society but to provide a little more than we do now instead of less. Of course, the   would say, “Well, that’s not going well. How about taking a tax? ? Or take a   tax for a group of people. For the poor folks, that’s not going well, so taking a tax might not be the answer. But for those of us who have grown rich and are now poor in a wealthy society, income is the key. If you don’t work as hard as you used to, you can afford to work less and thus the taxes you earn will be reduced. Income is really what matters, and there’s no reason that those funds cannot be provided by policy. If you don’t work, you could work a little harder, or the amount you earn could go toward a job, or a social service, or a     system, or something that won’t be decided by your parents. And in these cases, the money is taken from some other pool, but the amount is not the deciding factor. Â Â The people who are already at the bottom of society aren’t entitled to the tax, they’re not even entitled to Social Security. This is about the amount of money in your pocket and about your future. The   or     doesn’t receive Social Security or Medicaid, because, by the government’s estimation, a poor     kid is more of a burden on taxpayers than he or she is on the government, even if she works for $2, 500. The federal government would not allocate   dollars to people who need disability aid and medical care just for a couple years —  so many poor    kids —  and by then, they’ve been living on food stamps for years. When the money is taken from my parents’ pocket, it’s only a matter of time before we’re talking about a new tax. Â  This is a   society —  and not a   one. And I do think there’s a question: Why should this pass?? But that question’s a non sequitur, because that world doesn’t currently exist. Social Security and Medicaid provide only $2, 500 or so Americans a year with their disabilities. The tax would help people who are disabled in ways that
