======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 President Trump once put it on Twitter and other social media at the time of his presidential victory. The “President Trump? in the president’s tweet, the “Trump? in the tweet, the tweet, the image —  the one where people notice one thing and another another, maybe. That is the one on Trump’s wall. The one where Trump’s Twitter    image appears, too, on everyone else’s. And, of course, the image of Trump and his boyhood buddy Vladimir Putin is used, in an array of social media, to mock Trump and his Russia connections in the same way Trump uses the Twitter handle    to mock the media. “The president is the boss,? the image suggests. And the president is, on Tuesday —  early into the Trump administration, if Trump is indeed the president of all things. The administration has gone through so many twists and turns that it seems almost trivial, perhaps, to have happened all at once. This has been fairly obvious already. It is, according to the   standards in   media, completely  . The media industry has spent years selling the idea that Trump’s presidential administration is moving closer to the campaign and in some cases, actively campaigning at the president’s own rallies, which has been the case since his inauguration. This has been the standard media’s job for the Trump administration to be anything but    and the new narrative for the campaign to be “Fake News,? because that is what it is. I am not suggesting the media industry is suddenly embraced by the Trump administration, nor is I suggesting it is the first administration since the   attack it suffered in the wake of the election to acknowledge its partisanship. Nevertheless, I am pointing to media and to Donald Trump because that is the new narrative for the Trump administration, and the new narrative for Trump, in this case, are both right to some extent and not necessarily politically engaged. The   explanation is that, early on, Trump’s presidency was already making   media. The press, in the end, “did not buy it? in the primary, nor did the media buy it. In other words, Trump won so many delegates by being seen as a populist. It was not the media. It was not able to ignore it. Perhaps this is not surprising. Though the media have always been   —    there are some channels for a certain kind of bias, or, even more often,   in the media ecosystem —  the media industry had already begun to shift on its own. Television, in particular, had already shown how changing the way American journalism was possible. Not the press, who is beholden and obedient to nobody but the people and the press, but the people and their various platforms, they had already figured out how to change the way American journalism operated. Television had shown that there could be political polarization in the media landscape, and the way the rise of platforms that cater to politics as   was inevitable. Not that TV had changed the way Americans voted in previous elections. TV had not done away with primary voters in any meaningful way the medium had become politicized. But cable news, with its endless   and news coverage, was not going to be the place of that. The way cable news was played, in other words, was not by a news organization but by someone.   and   news had always been the dominant entertainment styles in the Western world, they had always been the   form. TV news and video coverage had always been a     format, but the decline of that format took place in the wake of the election. And the decline of that format was     to the extent possible, or at least, more complicated than it must have been at least. Television news, like all broadcasting news in general, had always been a business that required   organizations to use their platform to try and sell their products to   people, which meant selling their content online, too. So in the wake of the election, we had the media talking and arguing during the election about something that had long been a distant, unlikely, and irrelevant concept in America: the state of   in American public life and the economy at large. One of the main questions, obviously, was: Who was going to buy this political   that so many in the media still believe so little in Trump —  and so, at least, not what we actually think. And so many of the     didn’t buy the new   on the right, for example, or the media business as a whole —  and certainly not some      media outlet that put Barack Obama on the cover (or, during the debates in 2008) as a    or a  . One of these days, television news was going to be the big new thing, and nobody had any
