======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 were used in the   trial, but did not disclose what they were made of.  “They have no idea what the bodies actually look like!? Yozgat’s father, Hans Habil, admitted in an interview on German public television in May 2012. The bodies were discovered by accident when a police officer accidentally stumbled across a body wrapped in   corduroy when trying to bury the dead man. The    survived but was unable to leave the house for unknown reasons. Habil said that the bodies looked remarkably similar, aside from a    missing hand and a    missing tooth. Yozgat’s father never mentioned the discrepancy between the   and the missing parts, to the detectives’ delight. And yet the silent   was never shown on the police report. “There is still more to uncover about this bizarre case,? concludes the police investigator, who still must parse the evidence submitted to the police by both sides. “And the more we do the longer we wait to hear more about this bizarre case, the more anxious we become. ? Meanwhile, an anonymous source that first appeared in the early 2000s on the English side of the pond, began circulating among family and friends describing how members of the Lutke family had died. By this point, the parents had presumably moved somewhere in Germany, but no one knew where. Family members who still occasionally visited the house, which was always full of young  . They would place their children’s memorabilia and photographs on display, such as a newborn’s squirmy face on a chalkboard, a   cat, and a rocking horse. (The cat had a very large appetite for rock candy, and it romped around the living room and then attacked the family chair.) The attack of the cat took place in their Bengal Terrace flat, which was also the subject of an earlier attack on the family. According to the police, the family tried to move the body to a more satisfactory location, but the family was too weak to protect them. The attack also put even more strain on the family’s relationship with the Lutke, as well as on the local community, which has seen several of its members drift away. “We are the Lutke family,? says Detective Steve Mosien standing beside a sketchy collection of   on a dirt floor in his precinct investigating this week’s murders. “I can’t believe it. ? The detectives scanning the walls and ceiling of the   cafe don’t have much to say. They’re hearing about the dead man, but they haven’t figured out how to get in. The detectives they have on the case  —   who remain stoic and focused despite the pouring rain and despite the pounding heart of the hourlong journey home  —   are keeping it simple. “This is a cautionary note,? says Mosien. “We’re anticipating what could happen if we don’t act now. ? The detective says the investigation is being mishandled because there are several bodies in the cafe, and he hopes that the LHPD’s leadership will put a stop to it. “The investigation is not over,? says Mosien. “It’s only beginning. ? The day after the murder, the Chicago Sun Times reported that the police department planned to downshift its investigation of the killing from a cold case to focus on new leads. The paper reported that the LHPD has a “reasonable belief? that the murder took place in a bathroom belonging to a family member of the Lutke family.  The following day, former mayor and Uptown co-municipal of Cook County tweeted a photo of a police officer at the scene of the crime: police officer is in hospital and we have an open file on #Lutke46  —   the paramedic is in serious condition.  The Sun Times, at the corner of Michigan and Glencoe, has a photo of the   cafe, which sits behind a   fence with a chalkboard advertising the “Best in Show? award. There is also a “Best Of? award for “The Most Popular? in each of the cafe’s   walls, as well as for each of the   cafe’s three   owners. “Best In Show? also refers to the category’s three   chefs and bakers, but the distinction boggle the mind. For   the best chef in America award, the Best In Show designation is something of a joke. “I’m not sure if this would be considered good, but it’s the best we could do,? says chef and Lutke donor Wolfgang Tillmans. “The meats are done, the beans are in a few places,? he says of the
