======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 Russian Trump, was a    businessman who gave money to Trump’s inauguration and was involved in financing a few of his inaugural dinners —  and who has long been active in trying to spread the word about the reality TV show that Trump is now hosting. It’ll be interesting to see where this stands one night when Trump gets sworn in as president. Or if the president goes elsewhere, the fact that this is coming from a president with a transition team that is working on many of the same people he’s tapped will probably lend credibility to the suggestion that the transition team is using the president’s best interests to bolster his presidency. Regardless, at least this one is not going to put Trump on the losing side of a  . In the meantime, Trump has to get over it."<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Headline:Trump Is Wrongly Praised   by the Media
----------
Content:"The media lionized Donald Trump on Saturday. That is, until Kellyanne Conway, one of Trump’s surrogates, suggested on MSNBC that a panel of journalists should do a bigger   on Trump’s policies when he becomes president. (The question was presented to the panel on the panel. The three panelists, Dana Perino, Maggie Haberman and Martha Raddatz, were reporters, and the five panelists were bloggers.)   They then came to a news conference afterward. When Raddatz’s question was asked, she said, in response to CNN’s Brian Griffin, “I just don’t know what the answer would be to that. ? Griff reported, according to the panelists, that the top issue was the “hypocrisy of what   and amnesty do? and Trump didn’t offer a solution “to illegal immigration. ? The “war on coal? question was also left hanging, though, as he said, “It’s part of a larger,   effort for that. ? Raddatz asked, again, “Are you aware of the fact that President Trump is in this position where he’s being told by the press that he doesn’t have to do his job. ? “You know, I don’t know what my   answer is, I don’t say that. I’ll have to get out of that chair,? Haberman said. She walked toward the lectern, as Raddatz did. She spoke to him for an extended period of time. “She did not like the fact that he’s saying, ‘I would do that,’? Raddatz said. “I’m just taking a lot of pride in that, but it’s an incredibly important thing to keep it real. That’s what he’s talking about. ? A journalist who had asked a question, she said, “I want you to be a little more in awe and feel a lot more validated than I was —  not by the president, but by the journalists. ? (She noted the irony. “I would take that interview to the media,? she said, adding “I’m just really trying to learn from that,?] but if people want to see something other media members did not like —  or they didn’t —  the press conference has been pretty dull. So this, the press conference, that.  There are some things that I’m kind of curious about that this was in those moments of time for Trump, that he’s going to do something that hasn’t been done —  ask a question. I mean, they were asking a question. The media was asking what was going on at the White House. And then he came out of the lectern, just saying he was going to take care of his staff? “This is nothing new,? Kellyanne Conway said on CNN. “It is as it’s been a long time with people. There’s an old saying at the lectern, ‘the press conferences get longer with each other …     You had a question and she’d go in and write your question on the side of the lectern. ’? “Oh, she’s got a great question? ’…   I’ve been a longtime reporter and one of my friends would too. So she would go in as a journalist and write on the side of the lectern and try to bring us closer. That’s what the other side was trying to do. ? “I’m taking a lot of flack for that,? Kellyanne Conway said on CNN. “I feel you. ? The fact that Trump is using the lectern as a platform
