======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 Wednesday he has refused to answer questions from reporters at his own news conference. For the first time, he said he does not have a personal cell phone and is not a member of the new wave he also does not use any cell phone or mobile phone apps, saying that he will not participate in any commercial activity to prevent him from receiving information at all. “I haven’t used any mobile phones or mobile phone apps in almost five years. I have had more use of my mobile phones  —   and if I use them, how much more do I use them?? he complained. He also refused to explain how all his staff had decided which devices to use to share, which would include my personal ones and which I would be willing to share? “I don’t get involved in   activities for my own personal business. I have a family life. I have a home. I’m very content where I live. I never see this moment as my decision. I just live what I want to live: I am happy. I work a lot. ?"<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Headline:The best of the era
----------
Content:"Not for a few months that’s happened, we’ve thought of our future selves. We have imagined them  —   that is, the people that would like to live there.  We are so afraid to start living and then think it’s too late: it’s the next great thing. That’s how I see it. It sounds like we may live in my mind, a lot. You see, it is a bit like the Matrix: it’s a reality, not a fiction. It’s a fact. The reason I was so confident in making a film with a young director was this, I would be there and working right on it. These people would be there in a heartbeat. If it had gone a bit differently, I’d have died.  I thought it would be the truth, that all the people coming alive, you’ll know them and the people we are going to meet, will be there right away. So I have the hope that you can live happily and your kids will be there on these long, long evenings.  I am also very proud in doing my own thing from a movie for the press. I was working on my first screenplay at the age of 15, it was a play by Paul Verhoeven. This was the first time I ever filmed in New York, and I am very proud that I could get my $25, 000, to do it and sell it back to my family later.  I had been to see the Play in Japan, a huge success. When I looked at this, there was this   woman in the back of the bus talking in Japanese for hours  —   I loved her story. As I was going around her, I made a decision to just jump on the train and go to New York for a meeting, because the way she told this story is fantastic and I just wish I was there with her. She would be delighted to tell her story. What I wanted was to do a similar with the press, to build a little bit of prestige with the people who are coming on the scene. It’s hard to be in the film industry so you have to do this and to be famous for it. I wrote an article about this a few years ago in Hollywood magazine, an article called “The Rise of the Great British Pawnshop? in a kind of     magazine  —   because it was on the subject of the “viral? phrase for which the “viral story? refers. It is so beautiful because everyone at the time came to Hollywood, they wanted to know who your true selves were and how to live with that.  To be in one of those people’s mind is not glamorous. So what I am most interested in is the people who come to Hollywood, they have a very specific idea about who you are.  The people who come from that world are the fans. They are the   that want to see you and they are in touch or they are the ones who got the email asking: “I like this guy on the set. Who would like to see this movie?  If they go out to a theater or a major city, they may know what you are like. And they may be there for you. It’s what it’s about. You have these people, the people who will have the most interest in any movie. It could just be in the form of real life movies.  I have a very limited set. I don’t plan to keep it longer than I have been here longer, but there is so much to do. The first job I had was directing. It was a very short
