======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 matter, and he has since revealed a secret desire to get rid of the entire system that he and his supporters have built. In the wake of the revelations that have come out about him  —   many of which he has admitted playing down or outright denying  —   it would hardly have been surprising that the president’s supporters would turn against him. The reality is, though, that he is not the only one  —   Trump’s    tweets included a quote from a   Australian millionaire  —   who has shown little sign of abandoning basic facts for ideological purity. That’s one reason why it’s surprising Trump so quickly decided to become angry  —   before even launching the attack. It’s a fairly extreme measure, but it helps to illustrate Trump’s personality. Many of his own supporters expressed anger about the Clinton campaign’s decision to run a strong negative campaign against    and its failure to properly filter the truth. One of the prime movers of this attack was a former Republican congressman, Charlie Dent, who on Wednesday called for a “refugee program? similar to that of the Obama administration. But when contacted by the Guardian, Dent said: “I am not going to dignify every unkind word that people say to me in this campaign  —   they’re in fact, very nasty comments that you would hear if you went to breakfast with me. ? Dent said this as he sat behind a lectern at his campaign headquarters in Detroit, where he has already been stressing the significance of his remarks to not be dignified. “I would just say to people who are saying that I should be deported  —   that is disgusting,? Dent said. “To say that we’ve let some of the people who shouldn’t be there here in the United States of America be in this country is  —   that’s disgusting, and to even consider that people like that —   to suggest that there’s a correlation  —   it just doesn’t pass the smell test. ? Dent’s outburst shows that it takes a strong person with strong political instincts and a willingness to express anger for an established political constituency to produce an outburst like Dent’s. For the most part, he has been able to do so because his previous political experience has allowed him to respond to the most critical issues without being shouted down. This outburst, however, came from a more established politician who may have a limited ability to make such calls from the lectern, and as such is not yet well versed in the ways of Twitter, this was a statement of anger he made in a largely   tweet. Dent’s “ ?, as Trump’s press secretary, has been quick to note, is not a real statement, but that word may be more appropriate next time the candidate needs a press conference to condemn a journalist, or to announce an investigation into allegations she is lying about an alleged sexual assault. Indeed, at the final press conference on Thursday, it was Dent’s turn to try and answer the questions asked of the politician by a hostile press corps. Instead, he was asked whether the allegations, while disturbing in general, could, nevertheless, be balanced with enough support to get him elected. Not the candidate, but the press. “I’ll be honest, I had a lot of people tell me that if they were me, I’d shoot them  —   they’re not worth it,? Dent said. “But I don’t know that they’d even look at the newspaper that day either. And so I don’t know any of the context around this stuff. “I don’t know what the headlines say. I’m not very interested in what the headlines say. ? It was at that point that Dent’s tweet ended. He tweeted: “The press have proven time and time again that they don’t care about facts  —   never mind that we’ve got some  —   but when ‘facts’ are presented to me, I’m going to find out. I am going to find out what really happened. Thank you. Thank you. ? Dent’s initial outburst came just after 11am on Wednesday morning, when a tweet sent from Trump’s verified account began to echo criticisms he had made from the morning’s headlines: “Hillary Clinton raised a big and long negative ad against Trump, and I guess some of you felt that was unjustified and unfair. There was never any concern or consideration of facts, people, the truth. There was just motive and motive. A little late, but when the facts are in, that’s it, that’s how they are. ? But many
