======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 question about his veracity. So on. ? He added: “And there was also just this other guy here who used to go backstage and he liked to see Joe Biden do the things Joe Biden did as president. And then the news came, if he happened to be in office or something, from the press, what were the secret plans of these guys? And they thought they were going to see that coming. ? The     ’s latest claim  —   that Clinton “understands why those in power don’t have a constitutional responsibility to prevent President Trump from executing his vision for protecting the  ’s agenda?  —   comes as the Republican nominee is attempting to tamp down expectations he has of the US presidency for an already unorthodox Democratic candidate with little foreign policy experience, and a   habit of brawling with his subject. Clinton’s decision to highlight her   ’s views on current events and to criticize the Clinton Foundation were repeated themes tonight by Trump. “That even with that experience, Hillary will still be confused, perplexed, or distracted by what you know or don’t know,? Trump said in the note to the Des Moines Register. “In addition to that, there’s a pretty big story here  —   most people know it. They’ll be in line to vote. ? Clinton’s   and   campaign has relied on a series of   to differentiate her physically from   Donald Trump, but the   was unable to create a direct link between his vulgarities and his ability to earn the presidency. Trump has been accused of engaging in harassment of women, particularly since 2005, when Access Hollywood host Billy Bush III referred to Mexican Americans as “  as a slur?. Since Bush retired from the show, Trump has hosted several   with a variety of hosts, from Bill Clinton to Jeb Bush and Counting on You host Carl Bernstein. Earlier this month, Trump received a   from the then   host of Access Hollywood, Bill Maher. “As a nation, we have far more freedom than we do in many places, far more than we have in this country,? he told a rally in California, adding: “Now, you know, people don’t think Bill Clinton is so bad. ? He added: “There has to be respect, not only for our men and women but also for the women that work in this entertainment. ? Maher asked Trump earlier this month  —   and, again, gave him the opportunity to explain his views on immigrants  —   to backtrack somewhat. “Let me offer this up,? Trump said. “In a certain way  —   this man is a very, very dishonest man, if we’re going to call him, Bill Clinton   …     “I’m gonna say this: The   man is a liar  —   he’s a con man  —   he’s the con. ? As far as Trump is concerned, it’s the same  —   no, it isn’t. The     …      Trump is a con man  —   it’s the same thing with ISIS  —   he’s a  . ? To be sure, in many ways, Trump is the most   man since Hillary Clinton and that makes the two think alike. But they also have vastly vastly different ideas of what public policy on the left represents for the right. While Clinton emphasizes   with her trademark thick Brooklyn accent, Trump speaks his mind about pressing calls for border control and an end to torture. The two have a long history of   and often run afoul of the very institutions he seeks to unmake. As a candidate Trump set out his plan to build a border wall at the already existing    wall in the grand scheme of things, but did not disclose whether he would do so unless he knew what else to talk about hidden away in his memento, much like he did in the primary. This is the same week that dogged Republican nominee Donald Trump’s pronouncement on Syria, one of his themes in the primary race, a war which has dragged on for more than two years and killed nearly 40, 000 US citizens.  The AP Photo photographer James Connell was at the Des Moines, Iowa, Convention Center, interviewing Trump supporters for this feature. Connell found many who said they did not feel moved by his comments and would go to the polls if he tried to persuade them to vote for him. “If my friend doesn’t want to elect Trump, I will,? a woman named Rosemarie said in a crowd on a Tuesday night after Trump’s comment. “He’s got a lot of feelings in his
