======== SAMPLE 1 ========
old he spent the better part of a month or so in one of the biggest countries in the world, he’s now a Canadian citizen, but as yet he has neither citizenship for any of the nine countries covered by the travel ban, which targets them, presumably, for the elimination of their citizens’ entry of the United States. This is outrageous.  “Trump’s outrageous behavior is being carefully considered.  “In any case, to impose new requirements or limit travel without effective notice would serve not only the political interest of the United States, but would likely impose unique burdens on the people of the United States who are also trying to use America’s leadership to move nations forward. ? Trump’s executive order suspends the entrance of Syrian refugees into America for 120 days, but only temporarily. The order affects dual nationals of six different countries, including Iraq. Trump claims his order will help the US fight terrorism and curb immigration, but it would set the US on a path to potentially hundreds of thousands of illegal immigrants caught up in the ban under the guise of helping fight “Islamic terrorism?."<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Headline:Kicking the habit is not the answer
----------
Content:"A week after giving birth to his first son, James in 2015, Donald Jr apparently became so lonely he started playing golf. Now, the same problem he’s faced for the last few years when it comes to his second son, son James, which he’s also apparently a big fan of golf. But not for his wife, Melania, “who watches reality TV? and hasn’t  —   “It’s so hard work. I didn’t make a commitment and she wanted it bad. ? Well, well, well: it seems like one of those unplanned exchanges between father and son. “I want to make the best of it and give him everything,? said Donald Jr. “I’m the one who’s going to give him everything,? he added. Why? “I wish him luck, too,? said Donald Jr. He may not make it easy on his golf clubs because he doesn’t have a $50m loan secured by the loan, but he does have the legal authority to make all the loans and agreements they ask for. The loan will not affect his rights in the event of a foreclosure, which isn’t illegal, and the only way that might be prevented is for the Trump Organization to divest from the properties. (They don’t have a deed to the property, so the lease is invalid.) The debt is also not limited to the Trump Organization, which has a clause in a contract naming two of Donald Jr’s businesses. On Friday, Don Jr added that he has stopped taking golf trips to the West and hasn’t done so since the election. “You don’t run a business where you don’t own the property, and you’re allowed to give a   visit,? he said."<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Headline:US warplanes hit Syrian city of Homs
----------
Content:"The US military’s most powerful missile launched at this point in 2013 has hit the city of Homs, Syria  —   a major oil producer in the region. It triggered an ocean of destruction along a   artery, the    oil pipeline that crosses the city to the west. A US official said 10 people were killed and 45 were injured on Friday and that five people had been killed as a result of civilian deaths and injuries from other factors, including from rocket fire and mortar shelling.  The Obama administration said that the US had conducted a military strike in the eastern Syrian province of Homs, where the Assad regime, Russian authorities and other   forces have been heavily making incursions in the past few weeks, while the west is part of a new $20bn arms trade agreement between the US and Saudi Arabia also commits to cut production. George W Bush was among those in the Obama administration who criticized those claims of US military intervention in Iraq, but this week he is seen as attempting to rebuild the case for military action in Syria for the first time since 2010, which he thought was entirely appropriate with a man who called the US “barbaric? and who called the US “the enemy of the people? the man who threatened to “crash?" the country. Obama ordered that he be briefed on Syrian claims of using chemical weapons against civilians. Obama also wants to reassure Nato allies that they will not be the targets of attack, and to reassure allies who have felt themselves under attack by forces loyal to Assad. Although there were hints at   earlier this month, and there is no evidence to suggest the Syrian leader has retained his chemical weapons, Obama has opted to leave for
