======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 — a position that might make them targets in an attack by the Islamic State. Ms. Hayat, a graduate of Princeton University’s Wharton School, became one of Iraq’s most celebrated activists of the American struggle for independence, leading the Iraqi Insurgent Army, which eventually morphed into the Islamic State, a brutal insurgency that claimed more than 100, 000 lives between 1975 and 2003. She was among the groups that eventually overthrew Saddam Hussein in the aftermath of the American invasion of 2003. In her new book “The Last American Vagabond,? Ms. Hayat tells the story of how she learned to shoot from a makeshift firing range in Peshawar, the capital of India, during the 1980s in order to pay her mortgage. Mr. Kallas was similarly a free man when he and his colleagues took over the site, an operation that was halted almost a decade later by Indian authorities. But he came away from his mission with $10 million in cash. In 2010, while Mr. Kallas was out of the country, Mr. Sivarajan was convicted of masterminding the operation. The duo were given nine years in prison and 10 lashes in the United States for planning an attack on a New York airport. The United States government has refused to accept that either would ever leave prison and says the case could go to the United Nations as evidence in a prosecution there. Mr. Kallas was also charged with orchestrating training camps in Afghanistan for thousands of Taliban fighters in the midst of the 2008 battle for Kunduz Province in which a U. S. helicopter bomb killed 21 Afghan soldiers. The charge was dropped after nine months because of American assurances that the trial would not take place in the States. On Friday, the Supreme Court ruled, in favor of Mr. Kallas, ruling that he was never charged because of a U. S. policy that prevented a military indictment in India. Mr. Kallas’s son, Darshay Kallas, is currently serving time at a military prison in North Carolina after being convicted for plotting to blow himself up at Fort Lee, a town in the   New Jersey enclave of Lake George. Darshay served three years in prison for conspiring to blow himself up at a New York gas station. Both men’s pleas for a fair trial were rejected on appeal, and the Supreme Court last year ruled to vacate the conviction. In 2009, Mr. Kallas’s partner, Mr. Sivarajan, was sentenced to death for killing 20 Afghan soldiers. His death sentence was later commuted to life, and Mr. Kallas was finally pardoned. Mr. Sivarajan’s lawyers said he had been unfairly targeted because he is   the father of the child. Mr. Kallas said the verdict was a vindication of his position and Mr. Sivarajan was wrongly accused for having a close relationship with the Taliban in neighboring Pakistan, where he received refugee status. Mr. Sivarajan was released from prison in 2015 after spending 15 months behind bars and receiving the Nobel Peace prize.'' <endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Headline:Gavin Lee’s Twitter Account Shaked South Korean Tech Industry as Leaders Condemn Him After Tweet - The New York Times
----------
Content:"SEOUL, South Korea  —   One could not help but notice the prominence of Twitter posts on the timeline of one of the South Korean tech industry’s chief executives. Mr. Lee’s tweets were critical of Kim Jong Un, the North Korean leader, and the government. No doubt the South Korean government and its military would use Twitter to keep tabs on Mr. Lee’s activities and efforts, which have been shrouded in secrecy. It was July when the Internet blacked out Mr. Lee’s account, quickly followed two days later by an equally ominous message on the top of a North Korean government account on Twitter that read: “We will strike back. ? A few hours later, at 10 a. m. K-pop vocalist Psy was on his morning walk. The next morning, the South Korean Ministry of Foreign Affairs and Trade posted on a government social media account, “This is a message of solidarity. We will continue the unification of our people and society. ?"<endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Headline:"In First Test, New Delhi Gets Its Hands Full Of New Bricks - The New York Times"
----------
Content:"LONDON  —   Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi took a gamble Tuesday on the world’s largest Internet marketplace, a new technology experiment in which Internet users are now the real owners of the nation’s computers. Mr. Modi may believe that Internet control is the new golden ticket to India’s rapid economic rise, but India’s political establishment is split on the idea. A    
