======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 motives about Russia, he added, “I feel confident. ? On the campaign trail last autumn, Mr. Tillerson made it clear he regarded Mr. Trump’s election as a gift to domestic political opponents. During an interview on Fox News Sunday, when Mr. Trump suggested that Moscow had no capacity to interfere with the American elections, Mr. Tillerson said he was “unfazed? by Mr. Trump’s assessment. “Russia isn’t the only country that meddles in elections,? he said, and he suggested that Russia might not have conducted “malicious cyberoperations. ? “I don’t believe that Russia is,? he added. “I think Russia meddled in our election? It “has supported Russian interest in elections in Europe,? he said. “Russia is in the cross hairs of the American intelligence community throughout the world. The Russians meddled in our election,? Mr. Tillerson suggested. “It is incumbent upon us to do all that we can to investigate to make sure that nothing like this ever happens again. ? On Tuesday, the chairman of Mr. Trump’s National Security Council, Lt. Gen. H. R. McMaster, went to the House to read a statement from the Department of Justice, saying his department had not provided any evidence linking Mrs. Clinton to Russian efforts. The statement by Michael T. Flynn, his national security adviser, was prepared almost immediately after the election, according to administration officials who were briefed on it. In the statement, Mr. Flynn said the United States should treat “malicious cyberoperations? as an American adversary strategy, and said the United States should “strongly denounce politically motivated cyberthreats? from “state actors within Russia. ? The statement was delivered to a reporter who was at the meeting, who then posted it to The Times before it was shared with more news outlets. The officials said that the statement seemed to be drafted as a sort of effort to justify the incoming Trump administration’s view that Russia meddled in the election, rather than a defense of previous comments by Mr. Trump in the wake of the election. But it did not take place until after Mr. Trump had won the election. Mr. Trump has also accused the Obama administration of allowing Russian computers to roam freely in the United States. It was a view repeated by Mr. Sessions during his Senate confirmation hearing, when he said the administration’s approach to Russia was a “mood that we all want to see. ? He suggested that the Russians were acting deliberately with a view towards  —   a conclusion Mr. Trump later rejected on Twitter and issued a statement that the F. B. I. had already concluded Moscow had not interfered. But Mr. Trump had previously declared publicly that he thought it unlikely that the Russians could have hacked the election, but then he called allegations about their role “unsubstantiated. ? In an interview with the Fox Business Network. “I just think that we don’t know enough about the mechanics,? he said in January, when asked what he thought had changed to make Russia an  . “I think the public’s not going to take Russia seriously anymore. ? But the issue took a new dimension on Tuesday. On Twitter, Mr. Trump wrote that Russia had been “hacked by the bad people trying to sabotage President Obama. ? The Russians have denied meddling, although they were quick to point out that, at all, Mr. Trump has often criticized Vladimir V. Putin and accused Mr. Obama of trying to overthrow Russia’s leadership. The president called Mr. Putin’s actions against Ukraine “a shame. ? And he expressed surprise that he had not tried to prevent the Russians from pursuing cyberlawning as part of his campaign. On Tuesday, while Mr. Trump was visiting Europe with other NATO allies, he sent a congratulatory message to the Russian president Vladimir V. Putin on the eve of Mr. Trump’s first meeting with the nation’s leader, Vladimir K. Putin. The Kremlin’s apparent interference further intensified questions about whether Moscow was building a public relations offensive against former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton, or attempting to undermine her candidacy from the outset. The United States is deeply skeptical that Russia played any direct role in the presidential election, although in the weeks since the election, Russian officials have sought to undermine her on both sides. U. S. intelligence agencies assess that Russia is likely to continue its cyberoperations against political targets until the United States and other nations can assess whether or not the president is serious about responding to Russian cyberoperations. “I don’t think we’re going to be able to say whether this is intended to affect the outcome of the presidential election,? said Susan H. McFaul, the deputy ranking official at U. N. Ambassador, now under the Trump administration. But Ms.
