======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 kisses at the start of his speech, saying that his plan would be “great news? for millions of Americans. But Mr. Trump’s remarks made it clear that he did not really want to talk about his plans with Mr. Netanyahu. “I am, I hope, the greatest supporter that Israel has ever known, the greatest supporter that it should ever have ever known was in their prime minister’s office,? Mr. Trump said. “Because you know, he’s a person that I’m not sure ever met, that was very special to his country and I’m a person that he never met. ? It may seem a little harsh, but for those who are already members of the governing party, joining the ranks in Israel’s establishment has been a way of not making any appointments, or even joining the body. “It is part of the nature of being a leader, I think, that you are a person,? said Yael Atencic, a party official close to the Israeli cabinet. “I’d like to have the opportunity to join the party, but I can’t right now. ? The Israeli Prime Minister’s Office did not respond to a request for comment on the Israeli elections, and it was unclear whether Mr. Netanyahu’s office would be involved. There has been one other notable difference between Mr. Netanyahu and his predecessor, David Petraeus, who famously and unexpectedly shared a sensitive secret on the Israeli effort to win the war in Iraq: that Mr. Netanyahu has sought the president’s friendship. During the campaign, Mr. Netanyahu said Mr. Petraeus “oughtn’t be" his commander after Mr. Trump promised to get along with Mr. Netanyahu. After Mr. Trump’s victory, Mr. Netanyahu’s team released a statement saying his former protégé’s “commitment to Israel is not to come at all unless it is necessary for Israel’s national security. ? Mr. Netanyahu has said that the prime minister prefers if his foreign affairs chief is not a candidate, and has often praised Mr. Petraeus’s relationship with Mr. Trump. So, the meeting that Mr. Netanyahu planned a few days ago with Mr. Trump was for only what the prime minister said would be a “bromance? between the two men: a mutual admiration of the United States and an appreciation for the prime minister’s work. Mr. Netanyahu’s office did not respond to a request for comment on the events that night at Trump Tower. One of those who knew Mr. Trump and his campaign intimately said no one at the time of his remarks, and it was not clear who Mr. Trump’s inner circle was inviting. “Nothing was talked about,? said Yael Edelstein, who worked for Mr. Netanyahu as the vice president’s digital director in the Israeli government. “That is what I felt. It was like just a nice surprise. ? A representative of Mr. Netanyahu’s office did not respond to a request for comment. Mr. Netanyahu is not the first world leader to have a strained relationship with Mr. Trump. Mr. Netanyahu’s predecessor, David Ignatius, criticized Mr. Trump in his weekly radio address, and said that the president “has demonstrated something that is not American. ? But a close personal friend of Mr. Netanyahu’s has said that he has never been able to understand the American president’s stance toward Israel, which he said is “one of the closest allies in world to Israel. ? “I don’t see how that’s going to change anything,? said Naftali Bennett, a   right-wing Israeli television commentator, calling Mr. Trump a “mess over Syria,? and a “worship, a very, very powerful one. ? “It would be nice if he would at least think about it more and see clearly what is going on. ? For months, Mr. Netanyahu had been using his time in the White House podium to talk up Israel’s progress under President Barack Obama. Yet Mr. Trump made the choice to focus on Israel and the Middle East before even taking office, and his speech today was all about Israel. “We don’t need a second term for Israel,? Mr. Netanyahu said. “It’s an everlasting commitment of the American people, not only to Israel’s friends, but to the American people. ?"<endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Headline:‘The View’ is Back. Here’s Now What Happened. - The New York Times
----------
Content:"There are several things that can go wrong with a new television show: The editing can turn on the audience, and viewers see mistakes 
