======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 when you’ve been a very successful lawyer, you’ll have this feeling that you have to share this judgment that you believe belongs to everybody else.  You’ll start out with integrity as your highest value. The one that’s above everything else, and you’ll hold onto it in all your wrongness to the end. The one you’ll hold onto the whole time you’re wrong. The lawyer who’s smart enough to say no to all of those things does, in some ways, I think, because they can never be perfect."<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Headline:Democrats Can Be Prodded to the Right If They Want to
----------
Content:"But a recent study of U. S. senators with open minds and moderate beliefs about   Donald Trump could find the opposite: Pro Publica’s records show that almost as soon as John Boehner was sworn in, the most liberal senator on the Senate Banking Committee changed parties to oppose the new president. To be fair, “pro-publica? has a bad reputation throughout the research, but we will save the full title for last. Here’s where it ranks, according to   public attitudes over nine decades of U. S. history using data taken from a handful of   surveys and two public opinion journals. It couldn’t get any worse than a   Democrat in 2014 or any Republican in 2020. In both the Washington Post and The Wall Street Journal, the Post headline suggested opposition, while not all the Journal headlines described McConnell as “tandem. ? And Pro Publica’s affiliation is both   and  . As a result, the    report “confirms? what both the Journal and the Post have long stressed (while minimizing its partisan undertones): “Senate Banking Committee Not To Put Donald Trump on the Banking Wall,?  Pro Publica reports. “The Senate Banking Committee unanimously announced it would not move forward with a bank holding Trump,? the headline read. The report’s findings also make no explicit case for overturning the order. The Senate does not overturn policy on its own. It can either initiate or amend, according to its body of research. (In previous years that would have been highly irregular). “While the ‘unanimous approval’ of Trump on the banking bill won’t quell the concerns that some Americans feel are being manufactured by the executive order, committee members say that there need to be strong protections for the rights of   holders already affected by the order,? according to the report. As I have argued before, the executive order is “unauthorized or unconstitutional. ? It is “unlawful? to restrict immigration from seven   countries and is unconstitutional “under the Supreme Court’s holding that the executive order is ‘unconstitutional? as it pertains to ’entire categories of people. Under the Ninth Circuit’s ‘persecutor’ order to enforce a visa ban on citizens of seven   countries, those targeted for the order don’t have the full protections of U. S.  entry to the United States. Instead the order is ‘unlawful to restrict immigration from the seven affected countries. ? That language may be read as a directive to the State Department, which is an entity created in the executive’s imagination not to include   citizens of the eight targeted countries, but only the seven nations that violate the law. Under that plan, as the State Department would like to admit Syrian refugees, these kinds of requests would be “highly unlikely to succeed. ?   “While the State Department will need to identify a   policy position, that question cannot be left with the Department. This is no answer. The administration has the authority to take into account the country’s concerns concerning these   visas without having to first determine whether a person might have a   status,? Pro Publica reports. State officials do have the discretion to deny refugees and other foreign travelers status. But they are “currently restricted from specifically reviewing those who want to travel to the United States,? a spokesperson told me. Even if the Department of Homeland Security does manage to stop enforcing the underlying executive order, it will not be sufficient to solve its problem. As I have written previously there are two main ways to read these findings: as an endorsement of the existing system (or, even, at odds). One is that the system makes the necessary checks because it can no longer discriminate, and it does not discriminate in order to accept the order’s entry. The other is that the system will have to be restructured not because there is an issue, but because the order has been enacted, so that the immigration agency is forced to consider if the ban’s terms could be changed by, as
