======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 of the European Union would have a negative impact on the production of goods, or would limit the effectiveness of   measures like sanctions and boycotts, which have been successfully argued to negatively affect the ability of businesses to grow.  The threat to American influence does not end with political parties. In the wake of the election incident, an ongoing debate has centred on the role of the   state in international affairs. Is the United States one country, and one nation, a global actor or a passive observer? Is the United States a   actor or a dynamic actor? Is the United States another country or a collection of states? If the latter, then what? The answer in this case is that the   actor is an aggressive actor. If the latter, then what? If the world is no longer the actor, but a dynamic actor, what is the next model? Why are we not the actors? If the world is dynamic, then what will we do? If the answer is that China is going to have a different state than the United States, then what? It is hard to see how this could have been resolved in the long run, which, although, may be good for business in the short run, as well as bad for the stability of the   states. How does China want to protect itself? China and the rest of the world seem to have some understanding of this    problem. And the United States clearly understands how little security this presents for them.  Meanwhile, if the world is controlled by the United States, then what? That’s not much of a guarantee for the stability of the multilateral system.  Does the world really have such strong institutions, or are we the most   actors in the whole world  —   and do they really represent the interests of the global community as a whole?  If the latter, then what? It is always hard to tell how a given actor or system will be managed and whether it might have a more durable regime than the   actors. Some of the factors in the current and the past history of the world could help predict outcomes of the present. These are the reasons why states that have developed a large international market in military equipment, and have long had military and geopolitical interests have been the most likely to be an active observer over the next ten or 12 years. The other factor is that the long term future of all these agreements can only reflect how other states behave. We can understand this world without believing anything outside the immediate environment, but if you are a state that has plans to use the international rules to influence the global environment, then the consequences will be clear. The world has not ended, but it is now being buffeted. The threat is to the multilateral system itself.  Meanwhile, the threat is to China and the rest of the world. As usual, this is a highly fragmented world, and nothing is certain. You don’t become a member of the club overnight. This system is only five years old. The signatories are a few years old the signatories are a decade old. I can also give you some concrete examples of the kinds of things that might happen if the rules were left around the corner: countries could join, including the states which are likely to be more active; also the countries that are likely to have the biggest effect; or the states that are likely to be the biggest losers. We don’t have to look very far. In fact, when you look back over the past decade of U. S. relations, the biggest loser has been Russia, whose efforts have amounted to an effort to find a way to make Russia great again, despite the fact U. S. participation in the    was bound to help Russia restore relations with the U. S. and create international institutions that could help create a healthy international system. That might make for a       environment. If China’s status is unchanged, we now know that it could see another significant trade war. One possible outcome, according to the Pew Research Center, is that the TPP will be used as a pretext to launch another       war, which would further isolate, impoverish, and weaken the entire international system. The stakes are higher, too, because if the United States and the EU can make it a target, then the consequences for the rest of the neighborhood could be great.  You don’t become a member of the club overnight. It’s a much longer process than joining a   . You need to understand the dynamics of multilateral   arrangements and know how they work. You also understand that you are dealing with an actor, which has a vastly different view of the dynamics than you do. You understand that the more your members interact with that other member, the more likely it is that they will become a netter. That includes, of course, the powerful   actors. This is an actor you have to deal with on a  
