======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 not to raise taxes (of any kind), stop tax loopholes, and move to a corporate tax rate of 20 percent.  In their remarks, Schumer and Warren were both seen as targets for Democrats to keep off tax rolls. Democrats in general have been at pains to avoid attacking Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump, but Trump has threatened to slash tax on corporations that move jobs overseas.  The Senate Republican leader said he would unveil a tax plan this week that would be similar to his one, but not as rich as its predecessor, Republican Bill Clinton.       This bill would pay for a corporate take-home pay tax holiday on the foreign profits of American firms, and it would simplify the tax code and eliminate taxes that benefit the rich,  Democrats said, arguing that Republicans had been willing to sacrifice their own tax-cut gains for the benefit of the middle class. However, the bill faces resistance on several fronts, including among conservatives, who say it does not address the U.S. debt limit and limit federal deficits.  “It’s a big problem. But don’t be complacent, the president is a politician who needs a tax overhaul,” said Democratic Senator Chris Coons. In a meeting in early September, Clinton said he and Trump would make it work even if they had to raise taxes. One of Trump’s first major legislative initiatives was the proposal to scrap the tax cut, which would cost the U.S. companies a total of $300 billion over a decade, according to calculations by Republicans in the House of Representatives budget committee. In exchange, Republicans said Congress would end up paying the bill’s bills. A bipartisan agreement on the bill was announced in July, but no votes were needed to advance its passage. Democrats on the bill’s leadership are pushing a more generous deduction, known as the offset, allowing families to deduct their property tax payments and other costs that they don’t need to pay if their income rises. The offset includes deductions for healthcare costs and other expenses of the poor. Under the plan, a business with net income of more than $200,000 would be permitted to amass a deduction. “Taxpayers are going to want a little bit more than that,” said Democratic Senator Jeanne Shaheen. “They need to take their tax-deductibility away from them.” Democrats also said the new $250 million “middle-income” deduction would help the upper middle class, raising more than $2,000 annually for a family of four. That number would also be used for many college and graduate tuition costs, which would benefit some lower-income people. Democrats accused Republicans of putting money into a middle-class tax bill for the wealthy, while Republicans insisted that corporations pay their U.S. share prices. In a recent CNBC interview, Schumer, a top U.S. Senate Democrat on the Budget Committee, suggested that, while raising taxes, Trump would not use the offset method and let individual Americans hold their own taxes. “I don’t see how all of the goodies in the middle class will be sold,” Schumer said. A Republican aide said that offsetting businesses tax-deductible income for non-corporate entities was not necessary for them to make a fair share of their profits overseas. “We don’t see them paying any taxes,” the aide said. Schumer has raised the question with Trump’s team - to whom he is seen as a potential potential target. Trump and the Republican leadership of the House of Representatives did not respond to requests for comment. Representative Chris Collins, vice chairman of the Trump campaign, said he and his wife, Kelly, had spent nearly $1.4 million on campaign-related activities ahead of the election. ",<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Headline:Democrats urge Senate to delay action on health care vote
Content: "WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Senate Democratic leaders called on Tuesday for a preliminary vote or delay of the Senate’s planned roll-out of legislation to overhaul healthcare in the weeks ahead, citing concerns it could cause serious complications that might harm millions. The move would be a step towards repealing and replacing Obamacare, now widely popular among constituents and in the White House. “That is not and will never be true. I think it is absolutely important that we have this vote and it is this time and it has to be at some point,” Senate Democratic leader Chuck Schumer told reporters. Two sources said Democrats had received assurances the health care bill could pass early next week, without the delay. Senate Democrat John Carper, who will chair the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions, met with Senate Republican leaders on Monday.  Vice President Joe Biden also joined the meeting on Monday, a Senate source confirmed. Democrats were concerned about the effect of the bill on coverage for some people with pre-existing conditions that are most affected
