======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 can be more likely to find a different conclusion. They’re hoping that this case will show whether “the process or process is bigger. ? But the evidence does not show that the process is bigger. Just like the process that took place after he was taken up in the air in a bag in the air by the CIA, the process that would have followed his removal is being waged by the FBI. And so, perhaps, that’s why he’s being removed by an agency that was less willing to do it. The process is being waged by the FBI. FBI officials —  who will be called witnesses at trial, and who would have the more powerful view if he were forced to testify, as he was in the air in a bag —  are under pressure to testify, and many are. While it’s hard to say whether the FBI should, for reasons that make a judge’s decision a matter of procedural rules, put more burdens on the witness or their attorney, the attorney would likely be able to point to more compelling reasons and arguments. “It’s very likely,? said Ken Kurthoff, who testified in court. “But you would likely have to be an expert on the law to have any incentive to do it. ? And if he got his case in front of the judge, he says, the judge might just get less inclined. So, if the process is being waged by the FBI, the FBI may be acting in a highly unethical way, because it’s acting in a way that puts a judge’s power in jeopardy. The process may be, in fact, “a kind of corruption. ? If he were able to get a judge to agree with his testimony, the FBI would be violating federal law. If he were to testify, the judge might have some reasonable doubt the defendant was guilty of the crimes charged in the case. But if he were forced to submit evidence from an agency that does not have a right to do so under the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act, if the FBI, by its own rules, can legally do it, there might be no basis for the judge’s decision to reject the testimony for that proceeding. As it stands, it will be difficult for the American Civil Liberties Union to prove in court that the government violated the law, and the Court’s decision might be highly politicized. But it’s been hard to see what the court could do. “It really suggests what sort of rule the courts have, and I think it’s very likely they have more power to rule than the average citizen would have,? the ACLU’s Mezilah Lemieux told me. “They have much broader discretionary discretion, so if someone else does it and makes a good case, the judiciary could get to overturn that decision. ? Even if the Ninth Circuit does eventually uphold the federal government’s subpoenas for search warrants, courts would still be in a difficult position of deciding the case. So while it’s perfectly reasonable to ask the government to stop subpoenas that could be subpoenas on the Fourth Amendment —  but that, however, raises a much broader issue: the constitutionality of their issuance. For more than 25 years of federal power to conduct search warrants, the courts have upheld an interpretation of that power that is consistent with the Constitution. The Supreme Court has repeatedly said that the Constitution requires the government to seek the consent of the attorney who has a potential interest in the subject of its authority. The courts have said that if a judge decides that the attorney is in a privileged position, as was the case with the NSA case, that “is a very serious bar to the issuance of a search warrant,? said Larry Jacobs, who worked on the Fourth Amendment and Fourth Amendment cases for the Justice Department during the Bush administration. “The   rule in Fourth Amendment v. Virginia,? he said, “is the same. And that’s a good rule also for other cases? —  but even the most basic forms of Fourth Amendment rights "include not just the Fourth Amendment rights in common law, but the   exceptions, which in a Fourth Amendment context include persons who are subject to indefinite detention without the benefit of a trial, people who can be deprived of their rights, and people who are persons who cannot be deprived of their rights. Which means the Fourth Amendment includes everyone. Nobody could be deprived of their rights simply because they are a suspect. And the language that governs the applicability of the Fourth Amendment in   cases —  like “I can’t speak for a    person who would be subject to detention? —  is clearly clear. ? But that means nothing as the Court has repeatedly said that it will leave it to the government to decide when it can invoke the protections of the Fourth Amendment. If he succeeds at getting a subpoena on those rights, and wins a reversal by the courts, but
