======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 a history of supporting candidates who have supported the idea of universal health care, had been critical of Ms. Warren’s campaign and the party’s decision to not seek her confirmation vote for a Senate seat. If confirmed, Mr. Burr would be the eighth member of the Senate Republican Conference to be confirmed. If not, they would leave their   positions: “The only way for me to vote is yes,? he said in a hearing a day earlier, in front of members of the Armed Services Committee. “I believe strongly that this body deserves a full, transparent investigation. ? The Senate’s intelligence panel has asked the Justice Department to prepare an inquiry, but so far it has no formal investigators. Democrats are pressing the Trump administration to reveal evidence of possible wrongdoing by officials in the Trump administration, including Michael P. Flynn, who Mr. Trump fired as national security adviser after misleading the federal government about his discussions with Russian officials. Mr. Burr spoke favorably of Mr. Flynn, however, in a committee hearing on the president’s first choice for attorney general on Feb. 10 he also made statements that suggested he doubted that officials in Mr. Trump’s campaign and administration had been in violation of any laws or regulations. “I don’t know enough,? Mr. Burr said after the hearing, “to decide I don’t want to wait to the investigation it’s not the best thing to wait for. ? But he said he would wait. “I will be a little while, I don’t want to stay involved,? he added. But with several key senators saying they would be willing to delay confirming Mr. Flynn until a fuller investigation is done, Mr. Burr could still follow his conscience, by saying no further inquiries are required, or he could vote against Mr. Flynn’s confirmation, which would give the White House leverage in coming fights over the Flynn matter. If Mr. Burr does not vote against Mr. Flynn, it would send a powerful message to Republicans, who hope to maintain control of the White House. “I hope to get to yes on the confirmation, or I will vote for my conscience,? Mr. Burr said. “No matter what. ? Mr. Burr was among the 17 Republicans who voted for Mr. Trump in the presidential election. He has changed little since leaving his party, except to vote for policies that support working together with Democrats, like supporting a Republican bill to repeal President Barack Obama’s health care law. He has also voted against moves by Trump to gut parts of the environmental   protections of the Affordable Care Act. Still, his   support for Mr. Trump during the presidential campaign convinced liberals that he would be far more loyal to them if he became a unified Republican Party. Mr. Burr was among the first to break with the leadership of the party and join the administration. He has been among the most loyal  —   and outspoken  —   allies of the president. But Mr. Burr does have a history of opposition in the Senate. In his time in the Senate, he voted against the confirmation of most nominees for federal judgeships, including Merrick Garland, a controversial choice who is now at the Justice Department as Mr. Trump weighs the nomination of Mr. Sessions to be an attorney general. His opposition has only worsened since Mr. Trump was elected president. He was among the first to publicly oppose Mr. Trump’s first pick for the Supreme Court, Judge Neil M. Gorsuch, and he has had mixed views on the Trump administration’s first budget proposals, which critics have said would roll back the government’s ability to limit spending on its programs. At the Supreme Court hearing, he called the cuts “not only deeply harmful to women and minorities but also a waste of taxpayers’ dollars and a waste of judicial appointments. ? Mr. Burr had been one of the few Republicans who refused to challenge Judge Gorsuch’s Supreme Court appointment, so Mr. Burr took to the Senate floor and described Judge Gorsuch’s nomination as a grave mistake. The senator said Mr. Gorsuch deserved “due process? and “a real Supreme Court? to prove that he was not simply a good judge,? but also a law enforcement officer. While confirming that Judge Gorsuch was not a candidate for the Supreme Court, the senator also said he was “not aware of the existence of any particular cases involving Judge Gorsuch’s nomination for the court. ? Judge Gorsuch is the third of five Supreme Court nominees expected to be confirmed this year. But that is a new Senate record for Mr. Burr’s confirmation vote as a Republican. Mr. Burr has, for decades, voted against a nominee  —   including two of the three justices of the Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit in 1993 and 1986  —   who was later confirmed. His vote against the nomination of Judge Gorsuch gave Democrats hope this time would
