======== SAMPLE 1 ========
: "I am in love with this woman,? Tynan said. “She’s such an innocent. She doesn’t have a lot of friends. People think that she’s a slut. ? For her part, Tynan says she appreciates the fact that she has a great deal of personal space to explore. “I’m just not happy with how little interaction I have,? she said. “When you have a lot of choices in the world, you don’t necessarily know how it’ll turn out. You’re just there as you pick through   day after day. ? Of course, this   video doesn’t talk about the breakup itself, but it does shed some light on Alicia Vikander’s messy    moment. In it, the two sit together on a bed, with their backs to the camera and at times, shoulder to shoulder, they sway slightly as their emotions and obsessions run through their heads. Watch it now.  If you’re a serious about getting back into the music game, this is not the way to go. Pop music is back in style. New Year’s songs have been popping up in house across the pond for the past few months. Since 2002, The Weeknd, Future, Thievery Before The Throne, and Frank Ocean have all made it to UK radio 1, 000 when they were 17 years old. In the case of the aforementioned artists, the option is there for younger people to sign up for their own subscription. Future is still making good art. Thievery Before The Throne has made it to number one on the Billboard chart.  Brendon McCullagh, meanwhile, has been doing some solo stuff. He gave it a name that means “Forever 21? in jest.  Sebastian Ingrosso’s brainchild, Birth, an offshoot of Aum Shinri, has a new album due out later this year. James Murphy on the right hand to start the band: “It’s a terrific album  —   with great musicians and superb storytelling. ? Oh, we forgot to mention that Brendon McCullagh is back. The former frontman is back in the music scene. His new band, Forget About Me, is playing at the Royal Albert Hall in London. Brendon McCullagh on the left hand: “I used to play alongside Paul Anka. It was AM, and I played alongside Aasif Mandvi. As a kid, Paul Anka would give you 110 [pounds of air]. I never thought I’d see him doing that. Now he’s playing around with amps and stuff. I’m gonna be on that. ? How many albums have Brendon McCullagh and Aasif Mandvi listened to before?"<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Headline:’You can taste the difference’: the secrets of Coney Island’s gelato master
----------
Content:"Along Coney Island’s boardwalk, in between hotdog and nacho stands and White Castle burger restaurants, stands Coney’s Cones, a colorful gelato shop where for the last two seasons, under the supervision of a young Italian gelato master, young prodigies have been gifted secret creations of a cone that resemble anything that resembles anything from a marketing brochure.  Cones, which went on to have a cult following in the 90s, has long since reopened and has attracted a new clientele. But not everyone was happy. Some complained that young kids sometimes took a liking to the cone, while others thought it was a promotion by the Italian multinational. The gelato shop was, among other things, once featured on the Discovery Channel show Super Mario Brothers, which featured a secret ingredient that turned ordinary American kids into “green,? “Mario,? “Mario,? “Super Mario?  —   and was soon featured in the upcoming season of CBS’s The Smell. CBS, of course, is now known for a host of   shows, including The Smell, which was recently renewed for a second season by the network and The Brave, a prequel to the smarmy 1994 anime series starring Jessica Rabbit. But in Coney Island, with its host of gelato shops and restaurants, The Smell is hosting a surprising number of unusual projects, from an anime to an apocalyptic future, and the newest series by the critically acclaimed Viki, which wants to know if there are still intelligent life forms on Earth. “I see these videos all the time,? says Viki, who was accompanied by her girlfriend, Gretchen, as they spin their way through young Marco."<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Headline:The Hillary Clinton tax returns: Donald Trump’
