======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 chief   program: a   and    program with    options.  This program provides $15. 6m in funding for education, including    funding for about half of high school students and $18. 1m for community college, as well as $4. 1m for school meals for   and   students.  The education department says that   are among the most disadvantaged students of any kind, and that their poverty rates exceed that of   just before taxes go into effect. That’s in part because of their higher rate of poverty as they grow older, but it’s also because of policies that have allowed   to avoid them.  They don’t receive public or private aid, and cannot receive free food  —   they qualify for public benefits.  However, they do get some assistance with bills, and that means that the state cuts its budget by a third and they are also at least partially responsible for rising health costs for   who work outside the home.   are often forced into    plans, but   don’t receive those benefits.   are especially vulnerable on bills because their families don’t want their money spent on health insurance, or because their parents or grandparents have cash in their own bank accounts.  If   and their parents work in a variety of industries, their options are broad, they can work in a variety of industries.  If their parents don’t, their options are not.  They can work in agriculture, the hospitality industry, the arts or sports, and have children of their own.  They can also earn a decent income making a good living off tips from other restaurants, bars and nightclubs.  They still can’t get rich, but they know they are better off than   were when they started making a lot more money.  For them, that’s enough money to send their kids to school so that they can move to the suburbs, buy a place to stay, and pay for school.  They are also better off because of state insurance, which is set up to subsidize  ’ families.   families, meanwhile, must continue to get poorer and poorer if they are going to get sick and get old.   are also at risk for being at higher risk.  The average cost of living for an   is now about $50, 000, not much changed under the Kipnis plan, according to the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services. This means that   families could get poorer health plans, no matter what, as a financial advantage.  In the longer term, as older Americans get sicker, the risk rises still higher.  There should be an end to special tax advantages for the wealthiest Americans, as the health reform plan does not include many of the people paying for those health plans.  In addition, there should be an end to the influence of the   deduction on premiums from   plans.  The Republicans of 2014 mostly won the debate around Obamacare by not supporting the massive tax reforms that the party leader, Paul Ryan, wants to enact. Despite the reform, however, the House speaker, Paul Ryan, is reluctant to act on any of Obama’s major domestic illnesses.   will not get better   coverage for much of the Obama presidency until Congress gets out of the debt limit deal and a deal for the debt limit, because Democrats in Congress won’t commit to funding Obamacare."<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Headline:"Russia, Syria, Kurds agree on most contested areas, Assad stays in power and "deconfliction"? talks resume"
----------
Content:"Founding a new round of talks between the Syrian government and its opponents, the Russian and Syrian    have been given the green light to begin the process of resuming full implementation of the latest agreement reached on Tuesday after nearly four years of deadlocked negotiations. In their first meeting after the talks with the opposition government, two sides were to begin to discuss the prospects of a   ceasefire,   clashes of conventional armies as the battle for Aleppo began to wind down, while the next objective is resuming talks between the opposition including the Kurdish region. It was inconclusive about whether the Syrian government would be allowed back into full control of Aleppo, a   city captured by the regime in 2011. “Today we agreed to abide by all the relevant information, and the situation in East Aleppo has been resolved,? Russian opposition leader Konstantin Rybcny said after the talks. “In the next few days we will begin discussing the issue of the eastern   region, where the opposition can stop airstrikes and they can return their military forces, with the aim of halting the attacks on civilians. ? The   regime insisted it was a “lack of mutual understanding? between Moscow and Damascus over the Astana government base
