======== SAMPLE 1 ========
>>Headline:What I’m really thinking: the 60-plus dater
----------
Content:", "
"I’m really being contemplated,? says Adrienne LaFrance, a Paris editor and   of Women for Trump, a political organization that seeks to link the men who share her views with those of Donald Trump. She says that she never expected it from her long conversation with Trump, which was based on her own experience, as well as research from a polling agency. But when a friend told her about the conversation, she freaked out. “I just freaked out,? says Trump in the voiceover from a phonebook she filmed for Women for Trump. “I don’t know whether you read this or not, but it’s really true. I’m seriously freaked out. I’m really fearful that it’s gonna happen. This is serious. ? The reference to “Trump being examined with alcohol? might seem a little, well, literalistic, but the actual conversation took place while she was filming. After her friend introduced her to Trump, she watched as he cut into Men for Trump, one of her favorite segments at the show, with her fellow moderator, Megyn Kelly, to ask Trump about his Muslim ban. The two struck up conversation around their decision to host a forum in which several members of the audience chimed in with their thoughts on the presidential election, Kelly chimed in with her own, referring to Kavanaugh and Trump’s differing opinions as their differences, Kelly explaining that they differ on issues ranging from criminal justice reform to NATO, and Trump urging “tolerance? of people of different races.  This was not the first time that Kelly has come under fire from Republicans upset over her inclusion on the panel. In fielding a question about her selection, the moderator of the ABC program This Week, Martha Raddatz, asked the panelists to name their favorite non white justice league member. Of course, there were only two names, but the very first thing that Raddatz asked about the panelists was Trump’s pledge that he is going to build a wall around the United States and deport millions of undocumented migrants.  Raddatz, the panelist of the ABC program This Week, explained that she loved the fact that she was a woman moderating a political show in an important election to provide a “balanced panel to discuss issues across America. ? She added: “I’m gonna keep moderating because there will never again be a man or Hillary Clinton. ? But the reason for her departure is unknown. Raddatz has yet to name her No. 2 on the moderators list. The only known   on ABC, she just moderated a debate of which she never watched, ABC news reported. She moderated a   at the Miss America pageant in Atlantic City on Friday, CNN reported. She moderated a debate on Thursday in Atlantic City, moderated a      panel discussion and contributed to a debate pack that included a comedian, actor, a judge and a group of three   to   .  She moderated a debate on Wednesday in Pittsburgh, moderated a   panel discussion and contributed to a debate pack that included a comedian, a judge and a group of three.  Raddatz says she will be working two nights a week in Pittsburgh, and she said that she hoped to make it to the White House with the Democrats. She said that she had confidence in the candidates, and she spoke of her love of politics as background music to a television show. For her part in panel discussions, Raddatz said she was happy to sit in a chair and said she hoped to make it.  She said she loved the work she did, and she appreciated the fact that she had a television for her and her two daughters, who are avid Simpsons fans. She also said she respected people who are considered “picky? and said she believed people questioned her beliefs by asking her.  I’m pretty sure that she’s enjoying the chair. “You ever wonder why she never came to the debate to ask Donald Trump a question? He never raised a hand. There were people in the audience who thought they were going to have a very long talk about Saddam, or Benghazi, or 9/11. No, no, no, no. No one mentioned his own views on the candidates. No one asked him to name names.  And there was talk of moderators, reporters and undecided voters who were not given the same consideration by the panel as   and those who have never watched or listened to a presidential election. (Donald Trump is asking of NBC’s Kristen Welter to name the moderator of the debate on that network, saying: “I have no idea how. ?)  I don’t know why you don’t appreciate this more. Of course he’
