======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 or other political or social issues. But they are aware of how important the issue is. The main difference is that in this case the political will is of a national or international order. In my view, that has to be maintained in the face of new, hostile actors trying to break into countries —  though not necessarily as a matter of international solidarity. The West’s response in Libya after the terrorist attacks of September 11, 2001, to a renewed wave of attacks inside its borders were well prepared, even though it did not accept that the attacks were not from any particular particular country and were not linked with any particular religion. In fact, the attacks carried out by ISIS militants inside Syria may have originated in other parts of the world. A larger and more enduring political imperative has led to the formation of states, in part in Syria, where religious and ethnic conflicts have caused many refugees to head if they fled Syria into neighboring states. The U. S. is currently engaged in its most ambitious foreign policy effort since the war to defeat ISIS. But for many such refugees, coming from the North West, Christianity and family are paramount. Some Islamic groups around the world are willing to assist   efforts by   organizations, such as the United Nation’s refugee agency. The difference is that in Syria, religious conflicts are still present or unresolved, but for many others the question is not whether they are caused by war (that is, why this particular country) but rather that that they are religious. The same cannot be said, for example, for the people of the West Bank and Gaza, who are struggling to reconcile their conflicting religious identities. But it does not help. The West does not seek to eliminate religious conflict —  in fact, it seeks to preserve it by creating the conditions necessary for conflict to dissolve. Unfortunately, some in the West are seeking to foment religious conflict —  rather than solve it. They are seeking refuge in multicultural societies and they are often disappointed as they fail to find a religion that best describes themselves. It would be wrong to expect that a refugee group of the kind that I have described would eventually come to agreement on such matters. Instead, I think it will yield to the most absurd of approaches. That is instead of asking for religious conflict —  a solution that is not mutually exclusive —  to end, instead forcing people to agree on these issues instead of resolving them through negotiation. I am not suggesting that the West should not be firm enough, or that a Muslim leader cannot be an ally. I am suggesting that there should be a willingness to compromise, and that is found, for some Syrians, only in the West —  and that could be a recipe for religious cooperation. Such accommodation, in so many words, could be framed as the West responding to Islamic religious persecution —  not as a solution, as an obstacle. At a time when many refugees from the Middle East are demonstrating against the West, refusing to move to Canada or to the United States or to leave, they should make room for Muslims who are similarly affected by Western notions of secularism and humanism. Even those who are not willing to relocate should be encouraged to do so. Those who are intolerant, whether they be the intolerant who are running out of their way to be moved from their homes, or the intolerant who run out of their way to welcome Muslims who wish to be a part of their communities, should be encouraged to work with the refugees in making their communities more tolerant and welcoming. Such efforts should not be, at least initially,   or  . The question is, how hard should these efforts be? In the West, some refugees —  some Muslims and a few ordinary people who are not Christian —  see the West as an obstacle rather than a path. They see an obstacle as a problem that they can circumvent, while the path for them seems unclear. The refugee movement, with its diversity of beliefs and cultures, should be careful about where it draws the line between persecution and welcoming to outsiders, not on the details of religious doctrines. But the refugee movement is still not a monolith, and it is not set in stone for those in need of safe haven. Diversity of faith should not make everyone fearful. Those who are fearful should be encouraged to work with those who are welcoming and to work out solutions together, preferably with a commitment to which they support. This spirit of collaboration is what I would hope will be at the heart of the refugee resettlement program. Like so many others, I am struggling to think of some way for refugees to do this. One approach might be allow some immigrants with family ties in the U. S. to stay in the United States while they are still dealing with refugees and   from a variety of countries. They would still welcome the refugees who have been displaced by their countries. But they see the refugee program as a good opportunity for immigrants with family ties to the U. S. to build that kinship within the refugee program, bringing immigrants together, like family living in the same place. This
