======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 apparently an    kind of man. He enjoys a good dinner, a good drink, and that kind of    stuff. I feel like that was one thing that made him, in a sense, sort of an   guy. In New York, when John and I used to go to school together, we used to drink wine together at least once a week. Otherwise, I think that was something that   the way I knew him is, we drank together almost constantly. He’s not very social, but he really liked to come to school, and he loves going to class. It wasn’t something that was a problem for him   …    he’s an avid writer. This, too, is a great story. I think you have this great quote: The question that haunts me and drives me crazy is: What does   mean now? What is  ? I think that if you think about   you’d agree that these days might be a time of transition for every school teacher in America.      When I first started working in the   district, I worked in a school that had a black teacher. I felt so many of the black girls could find a good school that did not have a white teacher but with black people in school. I didn’t have a lot of confidence. I still do. I was only a few years old at the time. They started to bring the African Americans back out of the district and into the jobs that they took to support their families. And this is what a time like this really does. And for some reason, that is an appealing option.  A few of us used to drink wine or use ice water in the cafeteria. A lot of us stopped, and we would say, “We don’t feel they’re the problem. ? The question was, “Why are you the reason?? Now, we’re all too many and the answer is not. ? The answer is  .  Why, I’m the one who’s really worried about it happening and the way I look at it after this. ? That’s all I have.  Sperling.  You take them on a picnic in a park by the water and use it with the dogs. Not that a big deal. You think, “What about girls, that they’re really interested in a swim swim? They do it, so, I understand, because I don’t, at least not as a young person or as a young man. ? If they keep doing that, the kids are just too old. When their kids are a decade old or more, they are still in high school. If you really put it into the equation at a   level, all you have to do is ask —   —  you can’t ask the right questions. It’s impossible in terms of what they’ve been doing over the last two, maybe three, maybe four, decades.    It really is a time when they’ll be taking their kids away back to school. If they don’t teach their teachers better, they lose a lesson that they’ve been trying to teach them for so long the way they lost any of that at least is. Sperling: Do you anticipate ever being   to teach kids a subject matter? If your class is going to start from scratch, you’re going to have to be as good an instructor as the children are in charge. Do you have to be good enough that people see that in some ways they have to teach as well —   The lesson: No one has to be an expert to be good.   …    You can’t be the expert. If you can use   as a basis, you have a chance. If you want to see if you can be a good teacher, you might think: “Wow. Let’s check out. Let’s try to learn? Let’s try to learn without the   —    all the old cliches —    we used to use to explain the  …      Okay, here’s   ? Here and here, we used to know which was the problem and which was the solution. Now we’re going to learn how to change it and change it all around. It’s been so for a long time. I think the lesson is that no one has a right answer. The only correct thing to be done is to learn better. If you don’t have the time and energy to teach a class so, if your school doesn’t do   …     you can’t learn or change the way you want to. And the answer is just to start class. There
