======== SAMPLE 1 ========
f’  ? “It’s the only   question anyone and anyone wants to be asked,’’u2009’u2016,’u2019
「  Mr. President,’f’u2008,? Mr. Trump wrote on Twitter on Thursday. “We’ve already had one of the most beautiful and   interviews of my life but it’s been very long? Mr. Trump said. “In the end it’s a game. ? Last week, Mr. Trump accused Ms. Lynch of not telling him during the campaign that the F. B. I. was reviewing “tapes? of his conversations. Ms. Lynch refused to say whether there was any evidence for the assertion. A spokeswoman for Mr. Comey’s office directed reporters to a statement and to the White House on Wednesday saying, “We have reached their conclusion. ? The Trump transition team has said that the tapes were to be released last week, with or without Ms. Lynch’s knowledge. The disclosure was described as a turning point in the campaign. Republicans and Democrats say it is clear that Attorney General Jeff Sessions gave Ms. Lynch, as well as Hillary Clinton, a hard sell. “She was not going to let go on it,? Representative Adam Schiff of California, the top Democrat on the House Intelligence Committee, said on “The Rachel Maddow Show? during an interview on Thursday. “It’s clear to us that there were other conversations going on, but we didn’t know about them. ? The statement from Ms. Lynch’s office was read over a live set, which is usually closed after Mr. Trump’s tweets. Representative Adam Schiff of California, the top Democrat on the House Intelligence Committee, said on the eve of President Trump’s first address to Congress that it was a “serious and serious situation. ? “This is not a normal episode of television,? added Mr. Schiff. “This is a serious threat to democracy. ? Mr. Schiff added, “It was odd to me, as someone who was not privy to this intelligence, to think that there was going to be a secret recording of the campaign. ? Ms. Lynch’s office said her statement was read to her staff before CNN aired it, though some details of the conversation came out from Ms. Lynch herself during her brief appearance. In an interview with “Rachel Maddow? on Thursday night, Ms. Lynch said she had asked Mr. Trump, “What would happen if I said anything else?? to the President. “He told me that he was going to put me down,? she said. “The thing is,? she said, “he put me down. ? Mr. Trump, she noted, “said he never asked me anything that I’d wanted to know or let me know. ?"<endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Headline:Migrants Find the U.S. For the first time in more than a decade, a wave of arrests has followed recent waves of border crossings into the United States. The number of migrants and refugees apprehended along the border has almost trebled in the last six weeks, according to a tally put out by the Department of Homeland Security. A total of 679, or 87 percent, were being held on Friday by the government  —   as recently as 7:08 a. m. The vast majority were going into the United States without permission, while some were being detained and held on technical or formal criminal charges, including the ones being discussed on Thursday. Most of those held by the government were heading to the border to begin on an uncertain future, after a series of dramatic terrorist attacks in Europe over the past year, as well as a wave of deportations by Mr. Trump’s administration since his inauguration. Still, some unaccompanied minor children from Guatemala, Honduras and El Salvador had managed to stay in the United States despite the authorities’ insistence on their deportation at the border. One teenager, who reached the White House in the past two months, was being held in a holding cell at the National Museum of the American Negro Museum in Washington and has been on an unknown journey to Chicago, according to an immigration lawyer who helped him apply for asylum, along with several of his siblings. He was not given a lawyer, and he was in an unknown and desperate state, even though the authorities had given him a provisional date for deportation. “It’s still uncertain whether or not he can see anyone,? said the lawyer, José Muñiz Salas Pinedo, who has helped him and other youngsters navigate the immigration system and who accompanied him to Washington with help from immigration lawyers. While most of the deportations are happening in Chicago, some are happening in small towns along the border. After the president signed policies
