======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 asserted it. That has not held true for more than three decades. In 2014, the agency quietly revised its regulations that allowed it to target millions of American citizens  —   a decision later reversed by the administration. After the Obama administration proposed new rules to rein in an undocumented immigrant who sexually assaulted three girls in the 1980s and was convicted for it, the Justice Department sued to block them. And then Mr. Trump ordered the department to continue to prosecute a sexual assaulter who sexually assaulted 16- and 17-year olds. The Justice Department, after fighting the Obama administration for years, finally won a major victory in late June when Mr. Trump signed the executive order directing Mr. Sessions and Mr. Mulvaney to begin the enforcement effort. The order also ordered an investigation into whether any federal law actually was violated. The administration said it was now reviewing whether it was necessary to reinstate the protection order as long as the law remained in place, and the Department of Justice confirmed that review in a written statement. Attorney General Jeff Sessions, who recused himself from any investigation involving Mr. Trump’s ties to Russian officials during the Presidential campaign, has also indicated he would have a role in the investigation. He said he had not made a direct call to Mr. Sessions about the renewed investigation on Monday. “I had no knowledge, did not have knowledge,? Mr. Sessions said about the review, adding that he had not spoken to his former senior campaign officials about any of the matters raised during the interview. Mr. Sessions, who also sits on the Trump campaign’s policy advisory council, said he had called Mr. Sessions in January to make sure the former Alabama senator had “heard the criticism of the media? about the decision to remove the order. “I said to him that is not the time to act,? Mr. Sessions recalled at the news conference. “If you want to act in a way that is consistent with your own policies and convictions, perhaps you should speak to the president,? he said, adding that he had met with Mr. Sessions about the order as well. By the time of the order last week, a Justice Department official had told Mr. Sessions that the news conference would not go off without him. He was informed that he was not allowed to testify publicly and that he would not be allowed to testify before Congress. But that did not stop the former senator from speaking publicly without having the order in his bag. In fact, Mr. President tweeted his support for Mr. Sessions on Sunday, saying he would “strongly support him. ? But as he has in previous interviews and interviews, Mr. Sessions declined to say whether he would be willing to testify in public. Mr. Sessions added that he would not need the order in his bag, and that the matter was the focus of a departmental investigation. But on Monday, it seemed that Mr. Sessions’s own department was making moves on the issue of Mr. Trump’s order without him. During the news conference, Mr. Sessions said he had discussed with two administration officials the possibility of calling Mr. Trump himself about the renewed attack on   news organizations. Mr. Sessions also noted the existence of two memos signed by the president, Mr. Sessions and Mr. Mulvaney, on the changes to how to move Mr. Trump’s agenda forward. “That, to me, is one of the things that has been most troubling,? he said of the documents. “Those documents, they’re all available to us. They’re not just something that comes up in that report. They are available to us. ? Mr. Sessions said they would have to come by Tuesday to view before he felt comfortable sharing with Mr. Trump and other members of his cabinet. He added: “He, by the way, has the support of the president. ?"<endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Headline:A.I.G. Is Selling Up to $3. 4 Billion a Year “I’ve Seen Their Hands? - The New York Times
----------
Content:"In part due to a legal order protecting sensitive personal information, A. I. G. has disclosed to The New York Times that it has the final years of an extensive     arrangement, one that ended in November. When the deal was first reported, Mr. I. G, the American oil company founded by John E.   in 1978, said that it had sold an unspecified number of A. I. G. shares to the private equity firm led by a family member. The company declined to comment beyond its comments about how its deal came to be arranged. At A. I. G.  —   which is privately held   by the         group of the American public  —    the company is one of several companies in the oil business, including a group of
