======== SAMPLE 1 ========
’t have it. ? While Democrats on Capitol Hill embraced some of the   proposals put forward by the initiative, several industry players slammed the initiative. According to a report from the Washington Post, “  companies and politicians   the plan without a single word of praise given to members of Congress. “The plan would eliminate the federal safety net,? said Larry Levitt, a senior   at the   lobbying group Public Citizen, a watchdog organization that pressed Congress to strengthen  ’ safety net? programs during the   Bush tax cuts. “The government should be focusing on reducing the deficit by raising revenue in the traditional way. It turns out   …      the real beneficiaries of these tax cuts are   companies that are planning to spend money on lobbyists and relying on special interests to play their role. ? Democrats said the plan, which is likely to lower tax rates for high earners and could benefit   corporations, would give tax dollars to corporations that do not need it. “Every penny spent expanding loopholes for   corporations is a penny that would hurt hard working Americans. Tax dollars to be used to reduce federal deficits that would be invested back in communities, education and healthcare,? the Democrats wrote in a letter to the Senate Finance Committee. “It is my hope that the United States will use the tax reform to invest in communities and in places that can best benefit our constituents. ? Republicans, too, denounced the proposal. “The only way that a tax cut will benefit American families and the middle class is if America invests in a national infrastructure program that delivers for the nation’s security,? said Chris Murphy, the Democratic nominee for president. The American   program was put forth by   Donald Trump during the presidential campaign. Trump, a   Trump supporter and ­  of the billionaire real estate mogul, broke years   with Senator Sanders over his support for the   American Health Care Act. He was also involved in a number of controversial trade deals  —   many of which Trump has described as “rogue?  —   but lost the election to Hillary Clinton.  Trump campaigned on the policy and pledged to lower rates for individual income  —   the main focus of the Trump economic agenda. A proposal that will be introduced in the coming weeks aims to accomplish that by cutting taxes for corporations and some estates. In addition, Trump’s team has said the United States must look to Mexico as a partner on issues such as immigration, security and trade. The Mexican government has said any Americans born in the country illegally should be allowed to stay in the United States. Trump’s proposal would not only remove benefits, but also jobs. A senior Trump adviser, Stephen Bannon, told Bloomberg Thursday, said in April the next phase would include a crackdown on the manufacturing sector, which he has referred to as Trump’s favorite economic tool. “That could mean a focus on rebuilding the manufacturing base,? Bannon said. “That could start to drive more manufacturing jobs out of the Rust Belt. ? Last week, Trump adviser Roger Stone said a shift in direction in the proposed $1 trillion infrastructure plan could better the country by attracting more investments. “I have the idea that the American dream is open. It’s not open, but it’s not tied to zero sum. ? The bulk of the proposed $1 trillion came from reducing deficits by shrinking the budget deficit, and reforming the government, according to Trump. His proposal would bring the government’s total indebtedness in the US over the course of eight years to a paltry $680bn, or 22% of the budget. That’s down from an accumulated deficit of $1, 057 the past 12 years."<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Headline:How do I tell my kid that heroin is OK? - My son got caught heroin. Now how do I tell my  ’ kid that he’s overdosed?
----------
Content:"On a small scale, my   child would tell you that she’s been around for   years. A lot of people. Many of them. Her first name wouldn’t be Frazier. Probably Frazier. What that name was means so little to her that it was basically zero to her. And it had a negative response. So now a week after her birthday, I’m at the drug store, trying to decide. Can I play The Cool Kids Club of America with my   kid and tell her he’s come across a name that fits her persona? I can’t stop thinking about that girl in the wheelchair playing The Cool Kids Club with her    friend. And if there wasn’t a “Cody? part to the name, well, that would just be the beginning for me. If I’m honest, I still think
