======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 Tehran. The meeting ended in an agreement on the appointment of Zon, who has been appointed deputy head of Africa Affairs for the UN refugee agency and a former chief of staff of the United Nations, as deputy high commissioner for African mission to the Arab world and the Caribbean. Zon replaces former U.N. High Commissioner in Europe, Kofi Adhazeez, who resigned after their previous appointment went against the will of former U.N. Refugee Agency official Peter Boucher. A major concern among critics of Zon is his record on the human rights front, which includes his handling of allegations related to the treatment of asylum-seekers in Libya and Syria, as well as accusations that he is too close to the Islamic State militant group to be a reliable ally to NATO.  Zon said that it is unacceptable for him to have been appointed for his role as an adviser to U.N. human rights envoy, or as the senior U.N. official dealing with human rights,  I must insist that it was never my intention for Zon to be appointed as a senior official,  Zon told Reuters in an email. As a junior member of the U.N. High Commissioner, Zon has a reputation as a strong advocate of human rights  initiatives, most notably against child soldiers in Libya.  In response to a query about Zon s appointment, Zon was dismissive, calling Zon a  junior member  . But the U.N. security council has called on Zon, speaking only by telephone. Zon has repeatedly denied he holds any role in human rights matters. Zon is a member of the U.N. High Commissioner in the Middle East, where U.N. Security Council member states are discussing a possible agreement with the Islamic State group to impose economic sanctions against its Syrian, Yemen and Libya client and ally Russia. His role is meant to be positive. Zon says he sees U.S. allies Britain, France and Germany as being interested in a new approach to the war-torn Middle East region. Zon said his staff will review efforts to counter Islamic State and Islamic State at the United Nations in the coming months. His comments come as diplomats, aid officials and aid workers increasingly reject all suggestions that governments are too close to ISIS to tackle, but acknowledge that the Islamist militants could turn against them.  Zon says he has heard from several foreign ministers, including from Russia, a member of the Security Council, at the U.N. Security Council meeting who called on China to do more to support and support humanitarian aid, aid and rescue teams to combat the militant groups  insurgency in Libya and in Yemen,  as a human rights official.  My personal comment to them. It is not in their [sic] interest to help us,  Zon told Reuters.   This is another problem we will have to work out and, with the help of all the international partners, the task will be resolved with diplomacy.  ",<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Headline:France says Trump plans to announce next month a decision on North Korea's nuclear program
Content: "PARIS (Reuters) - The French foreign ministry on Wednesday called on Trump to announce on April 4 a new plan to terminate North Korea s nuclear weapons and nuclear tests. ",<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Headline:"After Trump's remarks, South Korea's envoy stresses unity in unity"
Content: "SYDNEY (Reuters) - South Korea s ambassador to the United Nations on Wednesday said unity and cooperation had to be maintained to avert North Korea s nuclear weapons and nuclear missile threats after the recent meeting between President Barack Obama and North Korea s Kim Jong Un and spoke of efforts to ensure the country remained committed to peace, stability and dialogue.  I firmly believe that the best outcome of this [unofficial] talks with President Obama and his counterpart in South Korea should be to make all possible efforts to maintain an atmosphere of peace, security and trust,  Jeong  Hoe, the South s ambassador to Australia, told reporters in Sydney. Hoe said if Trump followed through with his threats that North Korea would fire missiles aimed at Beijing,  it would be clear that North Korea is developing nuclear and missile missiles with nuclear weapons,  in what I expect to be a constructive attempt to stop the regime from developing nuclear war and  strengthening regional security and to enhance the nuclear and missile defense cooperation,  with the benefit of the whole world.  Asked about the meetings between Obama and Kim, Hoe said he hopes a  different approach  to what is going on in North Korea could be negotiated at a more balanced time.  It has to be in order to ensure peace, dialogue and the development of a united and fair international system with a strong nuclear deterrent,  Hoe said, adding the summit would focus on matters concerning the South and China.  The Chinese and the North Korean nuclear threats have been a problem for months... The
