======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 Thursday is not going to be quiet. “I think there was a sense of relief,? he said. “Everybody knew something was up, but not everybody was fully aware of it. ? Some of the best action was done by Mr. Trump’s family and his allies in a variety of government agencies. They worked with him against the Justice Department and at least a dozen other U. S. and international partners, his first major foray into the new role after his stunning election victory last year. Yet Mr. Trump has often made news about his    relationships with foreign officials the dominant topic of discussion outside the White House. At an afternoon news conference with Mr. Trudeau, the prime minister, Mr. H. J. Sessions, the attorney general, and the secretary of homeland were among several officials to attend, joining the Trumps and their family members. Mr. Sessions’s visit was one of his first steps toward fulfilling his campaign promise to build a bipartisan coalition around a new president’s agenda. “The need has never been greater, especially during   times, to maintain American leadership on vital issues of security and peace,? Mr. Sessions said at the news conference. “President Trump committed to those goals in his inaugural address and he delivered them here in Washington last night. ? Mr. Trump and his advisers have often dismissed suggestions that the real estate magnate is using a family member as a surrogate. They point instead that his meeting with Mr. Trudeau was held just days after Canadian television reported that his family and members of his family have business ties that go back to the United States. Mr. Sessions is not the first senator to speak to a foreign leader without obtaining a senior White House permit. Senator Ben Cardin, Democrat of Maryland, is a leading voice among the Senate’s liberal ranks, saying in an interview that he was surprised to be asked to attend a private meeting between the president and Mr. Trudeau in the West Wing, although he said he was honored that the president had asked him to attend. “I was not aware that anybody had brought it up,? Mr. Cardin said. “It just seemed like it was inappropriate and I thought it was a mistake. ? Senator Lindsey Graham, Republican of South Carolina, had met with the president on Tuesday to voice concerns about the president’s approach to his immigration order and “our mutual commitment to keep the American people safe,? Mr. Graham said on CNN. Mr. Sessions was among the first   Republicans to endorse an immigration plan backed by Mr. Mr. Mr. Trump and other Republicans, who argued that it was rooted in a Christian worldview. In December, House Republicans passed a similar bill to overhaul the immigration system. The measure has yet to become law. “It could be that I was misjudged on these, if not outright false claims made by the president and his foreign adviser, then the rest of them are not that surprising,? Mr. Sessions said. “I’ve long believed that the country needs a strong border control law to maintain our security. ? Mr. Sessions said he had discussed the subject with Mr. Tillerson, and they had not discussed any new legislation. As he said earlier this month, Mr. Trump had said he was planning to sign an executive order on immigration next week, according to two administration officials. The White House was unclear how Mr. Trump might enact that measure. Mr. Sessions said his meeting with Mr. Trudeau was a “good start? in bringing “reforms, changes and additional cooperation from both sides. ? Mr. Sessions did not provide further detail or say if the meeting was part of the new administration’s first meeting with a foreign leader since accepting office. Mr. Trump signed an executive order during the campaign, calling this a “ ? that would “take our immigration systems into consideration. ? He said he would seek the recommendations of the commission that was formed to study the effects of Mr. Trump’s executive order on immigration and the country’s economy. The president’s executive order was a major driver of the country’s   unemployment rate last year, at a time when it was in the single digits. As he announced his candidacy, he promised “to build a great   wall on the border and take a     approach to immigration. ?"<endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Headline:Pence’s Plan to Defend Against Russia’s Use of Cyberweapons in Syria - The New York Times
----------
Content:"WASHINGTON  —   President Trump has said he is likely to order a review of America’s cyberweapons against Russia, and he is now debating his first such move  —   a new draft executive action on cyberweapons against Russia. Mr. Trump’s action was released on Friday after weeks of discussion at the White House about the need to
