======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 manager of the department by filing a lawsuit on Tuesday, that accuses Kuzma of being “a serial killer.’ ? The man has said Kuzma is not responsible for the murder, which was found at a hotel in the state of Washington on 4 August. Prosecutors have not said whether they plan to accept the charges against Kuzma. Authorities have confirmed that three of the victims were found at the same location, but it’s unclear if that also describes Kuzma. The suit accuses Kuzma of plotting a conspiracy to steal the victims’ guns and put them in danger “by murdering or attempting to murder? them. Kuzma, who was not available for an interview, denied the allegations in his own legal filings, saying she is a victim victim of the conspiracy. “I’m a victim of an   conspiracy,? he said, “as is the case of [former] mayor [Edward] Campbell. ? Prosecutors said the woman was a “victim in a conspiracy? too. The suit, filed on Saturday by Kuzma’s public defender, also accuses Kuzma of not informing police about the alleged crime. In a statement, a spokesman for Kuzma defended her actions, saying she “has been a victim in this kind of case?. “She is a victim. When she went to the hotel to stay, she was afraid. The hotel staff knew and told her later, when they learned she and her baby had been abducted and were held hostage for ransom,? he said. Kuzma faces the possibility of having her life cut short, he added. On Thursday, local police released some family members and the Washington police department also released a statement in which it said Kuzma is a victim of a conspiracy. “The District Attorney’s office has confirmed that the woman was a victim in this conspiracy. The Washington State attorney’s office has confirmed that the victim is in custody and will prosecute the perpetrators,? the news release from the county attorney, David Loomis, said. Authorities have said the woman is at large and were not available to let her out. However, detectives were already looking for a woman, who told them she wanted to die as a victim of sex crime. Police said she was also a victim in sexual assault, but her family said she was forced out by authorities, and that she did not want to go on air at the time. On Tuesday, the Washington state department of rehabilitation services announced that she never intended to leave the country. Her family said she is on medical leave, which was reported by the Spokane  . She spent the past year in Japan, a United States citizen. She was a patient at a rehabilitation facility in Seattle for more than a year, but she has been unable to leave the country without being allowed to return. She has made little progress toward that goal, however, a federal judge said in May, according to NBC. In a separate post on Twitter, posted before news of the charges against Kuzma, she wrote: “I’m at this point just trying so hard not to worry about the media attention that I must admit I’m really nervous about.  “I’m not allowed to work in the United States yet so I’m scared of the media and others who think the media are up there with her in her story.  “Of course I care about the victims of sex crimes. The police in Olympia had asked me for a breathalyzer test to see if I had a .  blood alcohol level after seeing my blood.  “After seeing those numbers, one of them said, ‘Oh, I had to go back out to the restaurant to make sure I didn’t have any alcohol. ’? Kuzma is a victim of Sex Crimes   Assault and has the state on lockdown from 6am to 9pm. She has not been able to leave the country. She has three siblings, according to the News Herald. The family is paying attorney Roberta Hymowitz, who represents two of Kuzma’s female relatives. In court, she has indicated she is planning on appealing. She has also expressed anger that investigators have gathered information about her status as a victim rather than as a perpetrator.  She has since been released. Her boyfriend, Raymon Raymund, told local news that she was kidnapped by some unknown men and he said he and his family would pay ransom. His parents, whom he did not name, said she was sexually assaulted in a van outside a Seattle hotel. Kuzma was later released in an emotional ceremony but she had to sign a nondisclosure agreement before a judge could be reached. In a deposition released in 2014, she said she didn’t remember any specific details about the rape. But she said she was convinced that a rapist had raped her.  Kuzma made the accusation public by a
