======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 which in this era of   news and social media has created a real opportunity to be newsworthy and to be liked. ? But Mr. Trump is also under pressure to rally the public in an unpopular bid for the White House, given his lackluster performance in   contests for the Republican presidential nomination. “Trump is the front runner, and his campaign has been an unmitigated success,? the conservative website Citizens for Trump said in a post about its Twitter account recently. “His rallies are the most enthusiastic in history, and it has been an undemocratic process. ? Mr. Trump has taken aim at the news media and its newsroom editors on twitter in recent days, vowing that news organizations will “certainly get their collective ass kicked that   are the ‘enemies of the American people.’ ? But at a news conference on Feb. 3, he said the media  —   “they’re so dishonest, they’re so dishonest  —   that after they win the election, I plan to pick up the phone and tell them, ‘You’re fired. ’? In recent days, Mr. Trump’s Twitter account has discussed the possibility of him relocating the White House from Washington to the Old Post Office in New York City. Mr. Trump has also said that he will give the Old Post Office his all. Mr. Trump’s   posts have continued to draw outrage, with many scolding him, a message often accompanied by accusations from readers that he is “the most corrupt person? in Washington. His most recent appearance came at a news conference in Ohio late on Sunday. There, he defended his tax plan, offered a few   thoughts, and then, after a gaggle of news television news conferences, delivered his own take on what that tax plan would look like. “The news media should be ashamed,? Mr. Trump said, in his usual puffy voice, in his first public comments about the coverage of him. He went on to say that the United States had become a less great country because of the media’s focus on illegal immigration, and he mocked a New York Times headline that read, “Donald Trump Jr. Upset at Times?  —   referring to an appearance by Donald Trump Jr. in 2013, when he was a     about a conspiracy theory based on a tape made clear to the public that an undocumented immigrant had carried out some of a sexual act with the mother of his father’s political rival, Donald J. Trump. “The headline was so bad it caused a massive uproar,? Ivanka Trump said this week after Fox News criticized her father’s comments. Mr. Trump is among the president’s senior advisers, the one   with the most power in the West Wing. He has been described as a true believer in an autocratic streak. The White House press corps has seen an acceleration in leaks over the past few weeks, prompting speculation that the White House is trying to stymie the flow of information that would prove critical to the president’s agenda and counterbalance the effect of leaks in the news media."<endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Headline:Donald Trump Jr. Sues in U.K. Over London Attack - The New York Times
----------
Content:"Donald Trump Jr. has filed paperwork to seek judicial review in Britain over the arrest of the London bomber, his lawyer said on Monday, drawing the strongest threat yet from his international   firm’s litigation. The London authorities have said that Khalid Masood lived in the city while planning the suicide attack that killed British parliament members, two police officers and a civilian victim on Monday evening. Mr. Masood had gone to a mosque and obtained a firearms permit for his use of   rifles. On Jan. 27, he wrote on Twitter that he planned to kill an unspecified   in a pub near the Palace of Westminster, and then kill himself. No arrests have been made. Mr. Masood had been investigated for sympathizing with jihadi groups including Britain’s Islamic State, but no such charges were brought in connection with the attack. The London police said on Monday that Mr. Masood had shown no remorse for the attack and had never visited the mosque. Mr. Masood is the second top militant to die while a teenager in Britain in the same country that he is from. Another British man, James Greenwood, a British resident of the city, was arrested in April and charged with supplying material support to a terrorist group. Mr. Masood, though, was less known because there were no public details of his ties to either organization, though a police spokesman said he lived there. He had two small knives in his kitchen he was apparently familiar with, investigators said, which may have been one of those weapons, investigators said. In their initial review on Monday of the
