======== SAMPLE 1 ========
s the president has done for the country,? Mr. Trump said. “It’s not a question of if, but when. ? The two men did not discuss all of the issues that are dividing voters, with Mr. Trump vowing a new review of the Republican Party platform after the New Year. The campaign platform, if approved, would be seen as the first step in any meaningful overhaul of the party’s agenda since his inauguration two weeks ago. Mr. Trump did not make direct reference to Mr. Putin in his remarks, although he did issue a veiled criticism of the Russian president’s words during his speech, calling them both “policies and policies that enrich the Russian government and not with American taxpayers. ? Mr. Putin addressed other issues as well during his speech, too. He said that he had learned his lesson the last year in terms of using Mr. Trump’s Twitter account to communicate foreign policy to a broader foreign policy audience, and he accused Democrats of trying to distort reality to push   policies in the Trump administration. “No one in the West is listening and no one is reading or absorbing what Russia is actually saying and doing, which is it’s in the interests of the United States, its NATO friends and its international organizations to get along with Russia and strengthen their relations,? Mr. Putin added. The two men also used the appearance before the cameras to criticize the president’s visit to   party organizers in Cincinnati, Ohio, and his speech in Warsaw, Poland, to honor Poland’s fallen. “We have to be on the same page and always ready to take action to protect our people and help those trapped in the middle,? Mr. Putin said in a statement after Mr. Trump’s address. Mr. Trump’s address brought another element of the president’s   personality to the United States. On Wednesday, his own administration announced a change of schedule to allow Mr. Putin more time to speak to the FBI, which is conducting an investigation into Russia’s cyberattacks on Democrats. Mr. Putin, whose approval rating has also slumped in recent years, rarely appears to be a subject at any political events. Mr. Putin said he had given Mr. Trump the green light to speak to the American intelligence agency and offered his condolences. “When I gave him the green light for him to address the American people, it was a clear message that he would not stop us,? Mr. Putin said of Mr. Trump."<endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Headline:‘Heckuva’ and ‘It’s a Great Society’: Obama’s Closing Address to Congress - The New York Times
----------
Content:"WASHINGTON  —   It was a good night. Barack Obama got the job done. And in some ways it couldn’t have been worse for the country. As it turned out, the best part of the night was the last paragraph of Mr. Obama’s farewell address after a fairly long and introspective review of his presidency. For those who have tried to make a case for Mr. Obama, it would seem to be the only way to keep the nation focused on the big, complicated challenges facing a nation beset by war, peace and social tensions. But Mr. Obama’s speech was more of an opening statement than a closing one. There was no mention of the Republican Party or his presidency’s legacy, and the speech focused more on his successor than the issues of global warming and foreign policy. Mr. Obama’s aides say they don’t regret making such an awkward,   moment in a speech delivered in a stately ballroom. And they say Mr. Obama will surely benefit from his presidency. Aides to Mr. Obama’s 2016 bid said Mr. Obama would take a different posture on foreign policy after leaving office and, as Mr. Obama, a retired Harvard law professor, prepares for his next bid for the Democratic presidential nomination. “He will continue to be thoughtful, deliberate and deliberate on many issues,? Valerie Jarrett Obama, his 2009 first secretary of state, said in her introductory remarks. And she added: “You know the difference between politics and being too smart about it. ? Mr. Obama made an uncharacteristically optimistic closing statement, saying he saw a world in transition. But he also seemed to relish the opportunity to use his time in office to pursue his own agenda. After saying the nation has been “troubled,? he said, “we are a free people, in a great democracy, where no one can take the place of another. ? His remarks  —   he told the audience, as a few thousand people cheered him on  —   were framed as the end of a long, productive work life for Barack Obama. To much of the nation,
