======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 ’s decision to take her own life is one of the most private and healing moments in her life. ? It was on her wedding night, the day before she was to be married to Joe, that her faith was shaken, and when she called a clergyman to ask how she would make her decision after her   loss to Sara Taylor in the 2008 US presidential election, he said: “I didn’t have a good response. I just didn’t think there was a God that would cause her to lose her mind and throw off the tie that held me to her. ? From this moment on, for Ella, faith was represented by people like her mother, who came to her church twice a week. She felt that after the election, her pastor would comfort her but she wasn’t able to “break my skin? she later told an interviewer. A year after her husband’s death, Ella felt that she would get all the support she needed at her church. “It’s the healing and the most healing thing that we’re doing of all that,? she told CNN. “Our intention is to not abandon this, because this is the most sacred thing that we’re doing and protecting. ? On the final day of her own life, Ella was leaving the church. “I was saying I’m not going to be weak, I can’t be weak, I can fight,? she told CNN, as she pulled on her headphones and held her phone in her hands. “I’m not weak. I’m still in a battle for my soul. ? The only way that a person loses her battle to the death is death itself. The Bible says it clearly, in Isaiah 59:   “When these things are over, then they are gone. ? This passage is repeated a number of times in Isaiah 55:  “To be weakened by the corrupting evilness of men, weakened by the pernicious power of the world, If men do not fight and die, then they are perfect. But, if ye do fight and die, it is by your hands. ? When those things are over, when Ella’s body is no longer under the threat of death, there is a final, private lesson Ella would later face. She is not alone. Many other people, who have lost people they loved, have told Ella that they want to die as well. “I would also like to do something before I die,? Ella said, as she took a moment to collect herself and head out into the morning sunlight. The church bells ringed and the organ was set up. The young couple embraced. As she held the phone in her hands, Ella noticed something shiny and unexpected nearby. It was her."<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Headline:"‘Everything was destroyed’ by floods, says Mexican riverologist"
----------
Content:"A vivid hurricane with winds of 250 miles per hour was battering the southern states of Chilco in an historic storm that killed at least 31 people, a death that on Sunday had become part of the national holiday. The dead included cab drivers, police and holidaymakers who had camped for days in a sparsely populated area known as the Visayan region. Civil protection teams work  —   with help, help  —   to keep the area safe again, but with the storm, there had been no sign of life left. Floodwaters had turned into a slick maelstrom, sweeping away homes with the force of a hurricane. The Visayan region is one of Mexico’s most remote regions, a place where myths persist and archeological sites still dot the landscape.  On Sunday night, however, the Visayan region lost its mythological richness as a flood waterspray buried the cabbins and roe deer that had already been seen from miles away by photographers. Fresh mud and debris from the rains had piled up on the side roads, turning into a slippery surface for driving cars, but officials said they had not helped. Earlier on Sunday, a small town in the province of Puebla was drenched with rainwater, while buildings that housed 20 families were washed away. The deaths brought the historic city of Visayan’s name to the American national anthem, and the governor, Alejandro Garcia Padilla, said his state had already started preparations for the worst rain in five years. The damage was already done. The historic Visayan region, from Santa Elena to Tabasco, a sprawling area of cattails trees and red dirt, was splattered in the wake of a thunderous 100mph winds. The Mexican and American presidents, their wives and daughters stood together on the cusp of a hilltop. As dusk fell, a song played in the streets to signal the end of the  .
