======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 in the coming months. He is a supporter of a constitutional amendment that would restore felons currently serving a sentence of 15 years to life in prison and those who are eligible to do time in the state as long as they are released from treatment. In the wake of Hurricane Katrina, he was determined to use his platform to fight poverty and combat racism, but his platform also prioritized   civil rights. That said, that was a role he was happy to take over, and he would promote a vision from his years in the Senate in which he would be far more prepared to stand with progressive states and candidates and the NAACP than with the white supremacist far right. In the wake of the South Carolina massacre in 1963, he called the state “the most serious obstacle? to a full peace. He would end the war against segregation, ending segregation in the United States and ending racism, and he would support the more moderate candidates who had run against him. “I think a lot of the rhetoric we see in the Republican party today  —   we’re with them, we’re with you, but we will be out for them so long as they are with us   …     I say that whoever wins the Republican nomination, that is their choice, and that’s fine,? he said in the Guardian. “But we must not forget that we have a black president, a majority the size of the majority in the US senate. And, for all Americans   …     if we go down the path that the South is falling, we are totally reversing the progress we’re making. If that’s possible, for our country to go down that path, without starting to repair the damage that has been done, is a disaster?   was not an easy decision. Few politicians have ever had to.   would not be pinned like a moth to a pin on the head by a white man in the same position. He would not be blamed for his situation, and he would have learned to live with the hostility that many others showed toward him.  After four decades of bitter    and relentless denigration, he would now be a governor whose office would be secure by executive order, protected by a shield of secrecy. He would defend himself in public, facing a barrage of criticism from the right and the left, while the conservative media would give his supporters a patina of approval.  In many cases, he would serve alongside racist allies, like Mike Lee, who have wielded their political authority far beyond the bounds of constitutional  . In every instance, Lee, an avid reader and   of writings by contemporary conservative thinkers  —   his writings are considered among the rare that are “even weirder than he is with respect to black people than most white men?  —   would have a long hard time understanding what he was writing about. The same was true for his writings on gay and lesbian issues. If they were to read it in isolation, rather than in the context of a racist attack, they would find it highly unlikely that they would be influenced by the writings of the right. While Lee would have been susceptible to the kind of racism that his forebears called “speech policing? the writings of his ideological ally, Chief Justice John Roberts, are often captured in the pages that accompany his nomination in the New Orleans state court of appeals to the state attorney general, Robert Pruitt.  In two essays that appeared in the Nation, Pruitt produced a brief opinion that was strikingly close to the text and views of a man he would make chief justice.  The essay, “Freedom at Work? (published in the magazine Perspectives on Law and Economics, 1995) argued that the American legal system was far more likely than common law to take a stand against perceived federal overreach.  The article was published only after Clarence Thomas, a leading conservative, was also confirmed as the conservative majority’s choice for the Supreme Court. It was a particularly shocking attack on the Affordable Care Act, and its fate at least one had not been in doubt. Thomas, a lawyer for Hobby Lobby, was more popular among the conservative activists that supported the cause than any judge on record. But he was also viewed as having an untenable view of a society dominated by plutocrats and oligarchs. “He [Thomas] was at opposite poles of the political spectrum,? said Steve Schmidt, a law professor at the University of South Carolina. “He did not agree with Rand Paul on any of the issues that came up in his mind when he was writing the ACA. ? But the argument that a ruling like the one against Justice Thomas could be based on a genuine religious liberty right did not stand up. The Roberts court would have a far harder time holding that kind of liberty interest accountable. According to several commentators, it has far more ideological sway than most previous justices, including the staunchly religious Justice Clarence Thomas.  In 2015, Thomas had
