======== SAMPLE 1 ========
” The statement released by the Trump Organization was released in addition to a memo describing the situation with Ivanka Trump, but it was unclear whether that had happened. In a tweet, Trump’s daughter Ivanka Trump added, “I have great respect for my sister and I’ve also stood by him in the past for most of his long and distinguished service.” The White House said the president was acting alone because he has no authority over the president and had already asked the Justice Department to investigate. It issued a statement on Friday saying a lawyer would follow up this month with a separate letter, one from her lawyers. The department’s website, at law360.com, also lists the job of attorney at Jenner and Block, where Trump has a legal practice. It lists an assistant attorney as “career attorney”, but there is no lawyer listed in the page listing Jenner and Block’s office in Washington. The department said its website was not accessible due to a technical problem. Jenner said in a statement her position with the Justice Department was unfilled and that they were “very much saddened and discouraged by the news and the need to clear up some of the inaccuracies.” Jenner, who says she will be staying in her new role as a White House spokesperson while she is president, said she was “a victim this morning of a racist president.” In her own statement, she thanked the president for his “callous comments,” and added: “I feel that the president in turn should call on his administration to respect and treat everyone the same, regardless of their gender, race or sexual orientation.” She has declined to confirm that she will support the president’s policies for transgender people, but she expressed her support for the president in an address during her confirmation hearing, saying people had earned the right to their own dignity and respect, and for everyone who loves or detests someone. “I love her,” she said. “I really do.” ",<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Headline:"Under fire, Trump responds to news about 'unpleasant Trump,' Twitter"
Content: "WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump has responded to news about his relationship with former President Barack Obama, saying it was a “very unfortunate situation.” A statement from the White House released on Friday said President Trump is not a person to comment on private business. An unusually short statement, the statement said, “This was a very unfortunate situation that began when former President Barack Obama became an American, in the manner that his predecessor is currently behaving towards President Trump…and was unfortunate to learn that these words and actions have now taken shape on a number of levels that cannot be normal.”      Trump’s comment came on Twitter after news media reported that Obama had considered a legal solution to end his presidency after his Democratic successor, Barack Obama, asked him to leave office. In a tweet on Saturday, Trump responded: “Wow. I always know there are some things you never talk about. You never say goodby!” The White House statement noted that Obama had never considered anything that could create the appearance of personal favoritism toward a president from his first days in office.  “This was just a statement of fact,” the statement said.  “The Obama administration has made clear and reiterated that the behavior that we saw with respect to Mr. Trump was not an aberrant behavior, but rather a pattern of behavior that was not only unwise, but has cost lives, the economy and the global reputation of both the United States and our allies.” The statement added that the Obama administration had responded carefully to this situation, and the “only real question as to this issue is whether the public service we have offered Mr. Flynn’s comments reflects and is an acceptable substitute for what we know about the actions of our previous administration.”  The statement declined to say whether Obama was the original source for a line of attack or whether the Obama administration had planned to respond to Trump’s comment, after which Obama’s spokesman said it was not possible to make an estimate.       ",<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Headline:China says is 'concerned' by trade crisis with U.S.
Content: "BEIJING (Reuters) - China, the United States and the European Union are all “congruent” about the trade dispute between the United States and China, a Chinese foreign ministry spokesman said on Friday after the talks started Friday. U.S. Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross has said the deal will not be an issue of trade, as he will go back to Washington next week to press the situation. Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman Rui Jingshan told a regular ministerial
