======== SAMPLE 1 ========
|” "The American people should be able to decide the fate of this administration, and I have great respect for the American people’s right to decide who they want in our foreign policy,” said White House spokeswoman Sarah Sanders. Asked by the New York Times to describe her role, Clinton also said she believed the U.S. president’s decisions were “well informed” and described her personal relationship with Trump as “open and candid.”   ",<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Headline:Trump praises the North Korea nuclear threat as a “strong and persistent reminder that our allies and partners are united”
Content: "SEOUL (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump on Friday said South Korea should heed advice from U.S. intelligence and security officials over North Korea’s nuclear threat as he criticized South Korea’s military buildup in response to that threat. Trump’s comments came after South Korea’s president called for the deployment of U.S. nuclear-capable missiles to South Korea to counter the growing threat facing the United States.    Trump’s comments came as Seoul was nearing completion of a missile defense system known as Terminal High Altitude Area Defense that analysts say would put a powerful missile on every square meter of South Korean territory where Seoul has a long coastline.  Trump, who spoke about South Korea’s leadership by referring to the threat with North Korea’s threats, said, “South Korea has to step up and understand what has happened in the past because they have a responsibility for that.”  In a tweet, he added, “this is a strong reminder that our allies and partners are united in their resolve and resolve to make sure that this nuclear threat stays.” Trump’s comments underscore fears among U.S. allies over North Korea’s nuclear program which has not been formally verified and is believed to be far more advanced than what they have previously acknowledged.   The Trump administration has been sharply critical of sanctions against Russia and China over its own nuclear tests, and has been concerned about China’s military assertiveness in the South China Sea and South China itself’s disputed artificial islands in the strategically important waterway. In the past Trump has said South Korea must toughen its security and has threatened to unleash U.S. forces to protect the United States if it threatened the United States with military action.      Trump’s comments come as tensions escalate with North Korea over its recent missile tests and bellicose statements, with U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson scheduled to visit South Korea for Saturday.  The President should use his authority & get tough, we love the AIPAD but they’re not America! They attack U.S.A… #MAGA! They attack our SOF. Don’t worry, if you’re in for an unpleasant surprise.       ",<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Headline:U.S. appeals court rejects Michigan governor's bid to stop school voucher program
Content: "(Reuters) - A Michigan appeals court on Friday rejected in a bid by the state’s Republican governor to stop a state voucher program that would let poor school districts provide public financing for private schools. The 7-0 ruling affirmed an order by U.S. District Judge Michael Croix on Sept. 22 that ruled Michigan’s school voucher program unconstitutional.     The decision meant those districts and the four Republican-led legislative bodies with control over school funding could continue or not receive money. The ruling by the appeals court is likely to weaken a ruling by the U.S. 8th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals which found, among other things, that Michigan Attorney General Bill Schuette acted unconstitutionally in taking a step to block public financing for private education that was widely supported by DeVos, a billionaire Republican.     In the two main ruling parties at the appeals court, three conservative judges and two liberal judges dissented. They called the ruling by Croix, appointed by Republican Governor Rick Snyder and Michigan lawmakers “so radical and impostorially that it makes no sense at all.”     In a brief order, the Republican-led legislature also unanimously reaffirmed a ruling by federal judge in New Orleans to prevent public funding for private education that sought to promote public housing projects.  ",<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Headline:Trump condemns U.S. travel ban on seven Syrian refugees
Content: "WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump on Friday sharply criticized the recent immigration ban targeting a group of mostly Muslim countries and said that would do much to damage efforts to reduce U.S. security.
