======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 will take a few hours off at the office in Derry for the weekend, but it’s safe to say the party hasn’t gone without. • Match report: Portugal   Iceland• Match report: Austria   Slovakia• Match report: Hungary   Poland• Match report: Austria   Czech Republic• Match report: Russia   Ukraine• Match report: Austria   Ukraine• Match report: Latvia   Poland• Match report: Ukraine   Northern Ireland• Match report: Austria   Czech Republic• Match report: Austria    • Questions asked of the   Big Breakfast: • View the full list of weekend games• View the weekend’s other games• Follow all the action• Subscribe to Big Breakfast• Follow the latest news from the weekend• Subscribe today• View the weekend’s best games• Follow all the action• Subscribe today• View the weekend’s best games• Subscribe today• View the weekend’s best games• Subscribe today• View the weekend’s best games• Subscribe today• View the weekend’s best games• Subscribe today• View the weekend’s best games• Subscribe today• View the weekend’s best games• Subscribe today• View the weekend’s best games• Subscribe today• View the weekend’s best games• Subscribe today• View the weekend’s best games• Subscribe today• View the weekend’s best • View the weekend’s best games• Subscribe today• View the weekend’s best • View the weekend’s best • View the weekend’s best • View the weekend’s best • View the weekend’s best • View the weekend’s best • View the weekend’s best • View the weekend’s best • View the weekend’s best • View the weekend’s best • View the weekend’s best • View the weekend’s best • View the weekend’s best • View the weekend’s best • View the weekend’s best • View the weekend’s best • View the weekend’s best • View the weekend’s best • View the weekend’s best • View the weekend’s best • View the weekend’s best • View the weekend’s best • View the weekend’s best • View the weekend’s best • View the weekend’s best • View the weekend’s best • View the weekend’s best • View the weekend’s best • View the weekend’s best • View the weekend’s best • View the weekend’s best • View the weekend’s best • View the weekend’s best • View the weekend’s best • View the weekend’s best • View the weekend’s best • View the weekend’s best • View the weekend’s start • Goats in a Parka • What does a savoury take on the Bible say about a bun? The New York Times goes behind the curtain in "a Bible? • Read the full story: http://www.theguardian. com"<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Headline:The rise of K2: the drug is legal and dangerous
----------
Content:"Anyone who has been out of the closet for too long know’s this. Donald Trump wants to build a wall around the world of Donald Trump’s business empire, and he’s doing it legally. After drugging and injecting him with the controversial drug, 59 people have been indicted for aiding and abetting the drug. Trump also received $52m in immunity deals from some of the most notorious defendants in   law. But these immunity deals  —   even though they were negotiated by the former president and his associates  —   have created a system where the accusations hang over the head of Donald Trump, regardless of whether or not he is involved in the drug business. All this makes the indictment of former president Bill Clinton  —   who had a long history of questionable associations with the drug, and had his own questionable    foundation  —   particularly interesting. Investigators refused to believe the Clintons were involved in the     drug trade, even though they have long claimed. But the questions about the Clinton Foundation’s actions appear to mount in large part because of the organization’s founder, Donald Trump. Investigators say they fear they may never know, after a cloud of doubt was lifted over the Clinton Foundation after 15 years of being operated by the Trump family. The cloud has even spread over to the Clinton personal email server, a server reportedly used by the former president. (Rumors of a      server aside, this doesn’t bode well for the inquiries into the server.) Bonao would not be
