======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 thinks his policies will succeed. If he does, they will succeed well or poorly, as his stated goals are, and his failure to follow through is the result. If he does not, our country will suffer. To be fair, many of those same Republicans who have embraced Mr. Trump’s positions have also shown themselves to be somewhat more hesitant to back the same programs. Perhaps this is why Mr. Trump’s new attorney general, Jeff Sessions, had to recuse himself from any investigation of Mr. Trump. Or perhaps he simply found it difficult to distinguish himself from the    that President Barack Obama was. Regardless, if Mr. Trump chooses to backtrack on pledges to protect people with   health insurance, Mr. Schumer is prepared to move to get him to loosen the rules."<endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Headline:Trump Rebuts Attacks on Muslims Who Were in the United States as Syrian Refugees - The New York Times
----------
Content:"WASHINGTON  —   President Trump fired back at President Barack Obama on Thursday, saying the Syrian refugees who landed at Dulles International Airport here, in Washington and New York, had been “radical Islamic terrorists. ? At a news conference at the White House, Mr. Trump again labeled several refugee groups and others who had been allowed into the United States as terrorists, but this time he criticized those who had flown into the country as refugees or are citizens of Syria. “They were people who had entered the United States under fraudulent documents, or who had committed violent crimes, like murder and such a horrible thing as terrorism,? the president said. “And they represent a threat to our communities at large. ? When asked what the United States would do in response to this week’s Syrian refugee group, he said, “We are going to take away their refugee status. We are going to make them resettled back into Syria. ? The group was granted asylum last week and was allowed back into the country, after the Obama administration approved its application in 2015 at the Department of Homeland Security, which oversees refugee programs for the United States. They do not have any permanent resident status. This week, the administration released a list of 14 people to rescind a permit that allowed them to fly into the country, among them a Sudanese doctor whom the administration put on a terrorism watch list. As of January, the group had about 300 people in the United States on humanitarian visas, and some were given green cards for family reunification, officials said. The group was allowed to bring lawyers and some of its Syrian refugees to the United States, and to live in an apartment at the American Embassy in Sudan’s National Mission Center in Washington. After the terrorist attacks in Paris in November 2015, at least 130 people were killed and 370 were wounded, the government said. In his remarks to the group at their first gathering before a joint news conference, Mr. Trump appeared to go further in accusing the refugee group of being “trained and armed by the terrorists. ? Mr. Trump said that those who were coming into the United States “were not vetted as possible ’’? for the United States. Some of those with   visas were referred to U. S. Citizenship and Immigration Services for interviews after their applications for refugee status were approved. Some refugees said they were detained at Dulles or at the American Embassies and told about how they had been misled about their legal right to remain. Some said fellow refugees had been misled into thinking they were applying for asylum or were lawful permanent residents. The group’s official Twitter account published a statement about those arrested at Dulles, in English, that was translated from Arabic into English. “From 7:52 p. m. to 7:30 a. m., several members of the group being arrested in Washington were apprehended at Dulles International Airport on March 17, 2016. The individuals, all Iraqi nationals, were held for over a month and allowed to take advantage of the exception for   travelers to enter the United States under an agreement between DHS and the Embassy of the United States, after the individuals’ passports were deactivated, according to the statement. The statement identified the travelers as Ahmet Ahmed Abdul Kareem, 26, of Irbil, Iraqi Salem   and Ihba Amin Mohammed Saalih, 27. Abdul Kareem had his    passport revoked in April 2016 during his stay at Dulles in May, while his visa was still in process, federal officials said. He later returned to Iraq, where he was arrested in Baghdad International Airport. According to an affidavit on Monday morning, Mr. Ahmed and Abdul Kareem, both residents of Irbil, were charged with making terrorist threats. They were charged with making statements indicating the intent to engage in attacks or acts of terrorism by a foreign terrorist organization. Mr. Ahmed and Abdul Kareem were arrested in   after they allegedly drove into the parking lot of a Dairy Queen at Fort
