======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 in the UK and other countries, which is a way to avoid all of this stuff about "immigration and the British people". Because this is an issue about the British people, this is not an issue that has to go to the European court. We have a legal system, and we have a constitution that is entirely based in this system. The reason why the European court is here – why the European court was established – is not because it was set up for a particular reason, it was established because it was in the interests of the British people that there be a court on this issue. I said to my colleague yesterday that I would support any effort to set up an inquiry in Parliament to look at whether the European court has an obligation to look at whether there are legitimate grounds for the removal of people from the European continent. I said that there are many reasons why people want to leave the European Union . I would like to make a further point about the nature of today's parliamentary debate. The Conservatives are going on about how it was done to us. There were a few things about the constitution that I found very interesting. For my part, I have always been a staunch supporter of the British constitution. I was for the establishment of a national parliament from the beginning of the Republic. I am for the separation of powers between the different legal branches of state. I am for the protection of the integrity of parliament. In contrast, I have always opposed the introduction of such measures as membership fees, as some would like to do and others like to oppose, such measures which are essentially a means to an end and that are contrary to our founding document, what we took from the fathers, what the founders took from us. I think that the first and only time we ever had a national parliament was in 1814, and there was nothing special about that period. We had a parliamentary government and a parliamentary government went on to become what we have now, based on the constitution. In 1814 and in 1815, two separate sets of constitutional conventions were drafted to give parliamentary government its basic structure that we take for granted today. So in terms of my view, it was the British constitution, and it is really only the constitutional conventions from that constitution that we have any kind of democratic accountability to the people of Britain. Today, we have a completely different history. You have, as an observer, an entirely different set of constitutional convention. The constitution we read here today is basically the constitution that was drafted and adopted by parliament in 1822. It is an extremely important historical fact to understand the development of our political institutions, but it wasn't designed by this house of parliament. Our constitution is a product of constitutional convention. It is not a product of individual constitutional conventions. Its origins are quite much in the European convention. It comes from a historical moment, of course. You have two constitutional conventions that were actually framed, by two different constitutional conventions, about the same time. One was the 1822 convention, which was very much based in the idea of a parliament, and the other one, which was a separate convention, was based on the principle of proportional representation. Both conventions were based on the principle of proportional representation. The two conventions are inextricably linked. The idea of giving a proportionate number of representatives to each province is directly related to the idea of the proportional representation principle, which states that the proportionality of representation should be a primary consideration in matters of state. The second convention, called the 1834 convention, which came out of the struggle against the system, was based on the idea of proportionality. Although Parliament came out differently, both, as a result of their differences, had a common belief in the need to give a proportionate number of representatives in each department. At the time, they came out in support of proportional representation and sought to change the constitutional conventions that had been established by Parliament. The most important difference between those conventions is their emphasis on the importance of proportionality for national governments. One convention was concerned with the matter of proportional representation in both a constitutional and an economic sense, although the latter was a more social matter. The most important distinction between those two conventions is that the constitutional principles that those conventions expressed were quite different from the ones that we have today. But I say that frankly, because, honestly, they cannot be described in any one single word. There was a time, at that time, when parliament had the power to make policies as to what the government should undertake. That was true in Scotland and Wales only. In the United Kingdom, Parliament had the power to make policy on all matters of state, including the issue of whether or not the government should acquire powers to make laws in our country. Those policy decisions regarding the public interest were ultimately for the government to decide. This is a very important distinction. What is it that Parliament makes policy about? You have to be honest with yourself. When you read about how it is unconstitutional for Parliament to have the power to impose taxes on people, you would have to be a constitutional illiterate to be
