======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 guide into the minds of men and women when they make decisions. “Men and women often think about their lives a number of different ways and aren’t always clear about which aspects are important,? said Dr. Ramin Mojtabai, associate professor of behavioral and cognitive science at the Bloomberg School of Public Health at Johns Hopkins. “Men and women often have very strong opinions about themselves, and that’s especially true in those situations when they are motivated by a need to feel good about themselves. ? He noted that research had also found that women are more independent and less tied up in their homes, which may make them more impulsive and impulsive people. He added that they tend to have a greater sense of control and less empathy, traits that are common among drug addicts and alcoholics. He’ll be writing a new book this summer called “Breaking Free: How We Turn Off the Bright Lights, Rejuvenate the Aging Brain, and Enterprising Scientists’ Secrets. ? So will they. But how? With the help of   research and the help of a psychologist, Dr. Mojtabai and his colleagues are now offering several ideas on how to do it. First, they want couples to have some say in when and how often they shower. If you don’t think you’re compatible, he said, you could end up thinking you are. “The more partners you have the more voices you hear,? he said. “If you have only one or two partners, you’re not as aware of voices. ? Second, to resist the “creepy habits? that we tend to associate with teenage years, they emphasize self-defense. The researchers ask couples to imagine they are facing an adversary you are not, and the participant then completes a form that asks the partner to predict the outcome. Dr. Mojtabai noted that this is a classic psychological question, and one that psychologists have tried to answer for a long time. She said that in their experience, most people are more likely to say they are “really, really, really strong? than they are to say they are “threesome. ? Third, they want couples to consider how “conditioned? they are, by adjusting their behavior in response to things that look like cues. The participants here are neither overly  nor overly anxious. They are simply who they are. They report their moods and behaviors every day and then rate them. Dr. Mojtabai noted that the results of this study were not exactly surprising  —   you would expect, on average, more anxious and stressed people to have more depression and less happiness. But they were nonetheless interesting, and worth revisiting. Finally, they ask the couple to imagine they are having a nice time, with friends and family. The difference, the researchers note, is that one partner is more stressed out, while the other is more relaxed. This suggests that the person who is more wired for both is more likely to keep those wiring in check. These results suggest a biological basis to the connection between emotional stability and happiness, the researchers note, and as more of those in this condition, the likelihood that the person will seek help. Of course, this doesn’t explain all of the relationships that lead to happiness, but it does help give a sense of its dynamics. All of those in therapy, say Mr. Zaharopol, are doing is trying to find a way to be happier. “We are trying to create a state of well being, not just a state of ‘being,? he said. He and his colleagues are now developing a tool that can help with this, similar to the “ †chat feature on Facebook? that some people find more helpful. They are also testing a version of the tool that can help people find their own happiness, as opposed to what they are trying to achieve. That is an important first step, the researchers say, but it is by no means the only one. They note that the tool can help people who are not currently in a relationship, or might not become romantically involved within a certain time frame, but simply want to feel better about themselves. “Emotional well being can and should take all of the stress and anxiety out of your daily life,? they write. They also suggest that more research into the neural correlates of this kind of happiness might be useful. That will be especially important as more and more data begins to surface from the upcoming neuroimaging revolution that is sweeping academia the world over, with results from many of the studies leading to this work being published in a few years, as neuroplasticity happens to be a rapidly emerging field. This means that as an individual or an organism, your brain develops certain connections over time that make you happier. That is a pretty neat discovery, but it may take several more decades for the results to be made public. As yet, the only way to find those results on your
