======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 next season, and I don’t know if the show ended in disarray before the playoffs, but I have no idea where that left things. The only thing that I do know is that that as I was writing this, the internet was already out, and I was already crying when I read what I had to read. It could have happened back in April, but I had the opposite reaction. I read the following comic, and found it so fascinating. I couldn’t stop laughing at the ridiculousness of it. The world had already been turned on its head, so this comic was going to make people laugh again. That’s what makes it a truly   work of satire, but there was something else happening just beneath it. As the work of satire grows and evolves, its aesthetic goes from being about exposing absurdity to being about making fun of something that’s very serious and scary all at once. That’s where the heart of the show starts and it’s where it finishes. But, man, if you thought that old Jack is going to be the joke of the show, then you only waited very long to watch Season 7, because it was so important to him. It was a season on everyone’s biggest season, and yet, it might not really be all that much a disappointment if it weren’t for Ben’s return and Olivia’s sudden departure. There was just a sense  —   like the great John Belushi  —   that we’ve seen it all.  If you think this current season is ending in some way, then you still have plenty to complain about: we already saw a shocking,   cliffhanger; the election didn’t feel like it was ending for another season so many people have the possibility of seeing everything in the show coming up, and even the most innocuous task  —   casting Olivia Pope may seem like a difficult job for a guy like   but she actually plays a role that allows for plenty of variation. There could have been more than one season that left the show’s doors open.  There’s probably a risk that the show will just gradually be put out of action by the end of the series, however, since there are so many series still in development. It’s possible, though, that it might still have been closed down by the creators, in part because every reboot feels like the last hurrah for a season that hasn’t been able to sustain a proper franchise. There are also a few other possibilities: that we could get a TV adaptation of Pride and Prejudice and a season two episode that simply does not belong, that Ben won’t hang on to his post, or that the current season might be an unfinalised season. In the end, what matters most is that we’ve been treated to the worst of the modern era, and it seems to be a world where we won’t have to wait long to see what happens next. "<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Headline:Elena Ferrante was only the second Hollywood star to have a ’real death’
----------
Content:"The world doesn’t end, but it’s coming. For a young actress whose career was defined by her marriage of two decades, one could feel her death. Ferrante, now 40, didn’t have much reason to celebrate. She was already an older mother, divorced and living in poverty, working multiple jobs just to get by. Something was deeply wrong about being a actress who had already taken on two   husbands, and she’s still coping with that. “We go from having one life to having two lives, that’s how it works, that’s how women of my generation, mother of the future have dealt with the world,? she told her agent. “To have two people that support each other to have three, you see, it just, it’s a cruel way to live.? And so, on the outskirts of the city where she spent most of her life, her life became a series of tragic endings, as she slowly ended up dead.  Even though it would be a lonely one for an actress who for a decade had dominated worldwide publicity, Ferrante faced the most hostile and surreal cast of the decade in a   novel, Viewelde, starring Audrey Hepburn and with a French translation by Pucciare Marciano, an Italian of Spanish descent, and the movie   for La La Land, starring the    La La Land actress Edée Dunant. Now, perhaps the most controversial of the   movie stars, who might almost be considered the first female president of the United States, has disappeared. We also had our own “real death?   for the    Italian actor
