======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 all over the world,? he said. “I can’t imagine this happening here, but I’m not sure these people will mind. ?"<endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Headline:Pentagon Buys Land For Post-Sept. 11 Pentagon - The New York Times
----------
Content:"WASHINGTON  —   The Pentagon on Friday purchased nine pieces of private land in eastern Pennsylvania that would provide enough land for a major   exercise. The purchase, worth up to $3. 3 million, will be used to develop a Defense-wide exercise called Fast Response, which would begin in September and run until May 2018. The exercise is among the first large-scale war games in the Pentagon’s   history. An Air Force exercise in 2007 produced more than 600 million pounds of bombs and missiles and 1. 7 million pounds of armor. One of the Army’s two sites is already set up at Fort Knox, where the Pentagon has already established the headquarters of the Army’s Resolute Support mission. Two other Air Force sites provide for the Air Force’s forces in the National Security Council. Both sites  —   the Abrams Command, which handles operations at the sprawling command post, and the Aegis Combat Command, which conducts large-scale combat operations in the Asia-Pacific or other regions  —   have an area of 7, 400 acres, or more than 6. 4 square miles. The land, described by military officials as    is open to the public, and military contractors are not licensed to occupy it. The purchase is the latest effort by the Defense Department to develop ways for officials to share information with the private sector ahead of the planned sale of   military equipment to the Pentagon.   military contractors have sought to enter the market in what are known as “transmission zones,? which are a kind of land border between war zones. Lockheed Martin, which also makes aircraft, is in the lead to develop the F-35 fighter jet that   the Pentagon has spent billions of dollars on. But the Defense Department has been stymied in acquiring land since the wars in Afghanistan and Iraq created such a hostile climate where the U. S. military cannot easily move on to a combat role. In 2013, Secretary of Defense Michael A. Goldfarb said that establishing a   logistics control center was not “a good idea. ? When American servicemen and women deployed to Afghanistan, the United States was beset with Taliban attacks, and even roadside bombs, killing thousands, while U. S. forces were training with the Afghan rebels. While there are several possible sites for a Trans Command Base in Anbar Province, the Department of Defense chose land. It said it planned to develop a   design for the facility which would provide for the training and the logistics, like erecting roadways, railroads and airports."<endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Headline:"Pence, Trump: Who’s Deadlier Than Muslims? - The New York Times"
----------
Content:"BOCA RATON, Fla.  —   Mike Pence, for this week in the heart of the State Department building’s lobby, had been thinking about war, diplomacy and, by his own account, watching Trump. “It’s like a movie set aside to make fun of someone,? the vice president’s boss once said. “Trump will be spending this time thinking about who’s gone. I like to imagine what you see, but you may not see any of it,? he said, referring to Trump’s frequent tweetstorm. A White House official, not familiar with the president’s daily routine, asked for a preview of the president’s thoughts on the subject at a news conference with Secretary of State Rex W. Tillerson. Mr. Tillerson was taken aback. “Oh, wow, what is he talking about?? he asked, not really believing its real. Mr. Pence was quick, incredulous, to offer his own interpretation. “What is he talking about?? Mr. Pence repeated, as Trump took some notes, and then tried to make light of it all. “Nothing that he says is true or what he says,? Mr. Pence said as Mr. Trump seemed unimpressed. As Mr. Trump spoke, the official standing behind him grinned and winked. He was as   as those inside the news conference. It was his favorite moment, of sorts, and to be precise, he was, to use a Twitter term, joking with his close friend Boris Epshteyn, a Marine veteran and a Trump supporter. For the first time, Mr. Pence, a former Navy officer, was able to walk out of the Oval Office as Mr. Trump’s advisers celebrated the president’s victory. For much of the
