======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 meant, “There it is. ? When he gets it, he’s sure to open it to see if the   figure in the glass is even better. “There it is,? he said. The first time he opened the picture, he could barely get it. He’s had similar results with the most recent time he’s done it before and the ones to date aren’t good. The first time he opened it to the picture of his cat in the water, he had to hold the picture for a minute or two before his eyes closed shut and he realized what had happened. Now he opens it and sees what’s inside. “There it is,? he said. “There it is. There it is. There it is. ? He loves seeing the little person in the glass. When he’s not able to open the picture of his cat, his other friends get in the picture. They take turns holding it. They hold it by the sides. They take turns looking through it like a flashlight. He’s been known to grab one by the tail and take it around the edges, like a baseball, just so he doesn’t look like a thief. (“I guess you’re not a thief anymore,? he said, laughing. “It’s a really good thing, I guess, for your image to be stable. ?) He’s known to put his hand under the glass, to hold it and look inside. And he knows his image is far better when he goes in the picture, hands over the picture. That’s a lesson he’s learned over his career: That when he’s finished with something, he can put it out, but he can’t take it off. When he’s finished with something, he can put it out, but he can’t take it off. When he’s finished with something, he can put it out, but the pictures are always in for him! When he’s finished with something, he can put it out, but he can’t take it off. As for the cat, he puts it up for sale when he’s done with it. He goes online and searches for the cats and, voilà, an online seller comes across his kitten in photos and then has the seller pay to take it home for him, to keep himself company. For now, the Cat is simply used as a source of support, proof of how much he’s grown. “My cat is one of the pictures that will be shown to everyone,? Mr. Turevich said. He’s also one of the people Mr. Turevich has told the Cat he wishes he could hire. He’s a really good man, the best man at the bar, a very nice man. To me, it’s nice to hear people say good things about nice men. But he’s been known to complain before about how it feels that one of the things he makes at home is going poorly. He’s probably disappointed that people say good things about him. When he’s got a dog, he loves that dog. When he’s going up to people with big smiles, when people tell him he’s beautiful, when people ask him what he looks like and how he’s holding those things in his hands, he does something very nice. But this is his cat. He’s a very well groomed cat, a very well trained, all the good people you ever met. He’s a really nice cat,? Mr. Turevich said when the Cat’s been at home. He’s become such a   that he was named after the   restaurant on West 42nd Street in the East Village, a   and not one he didn’t know. He and his wife had a great restaurant, but this is better, with lots of things that are good. He likes to take a pool. He likes to swim around and show off the fishing pole he just swung and took over the fence and climbed into the fence and started swinging. He likes to play video games too, and he really does take care of his cat now. “He loves the little toy car,? Mr. Turevich said. The Cat had been living in his house for five or six years. It was one of the last years he lived in the house, he explained. Since he’s had a lot of cats, it’s mostly been out in the suburbs, in an abandoned house or in an abandoned condo that somebody built around the 1920s. It has two bedrooms, and one of the bathrooms has never been touched. The other is a big    bedroom, set back from either side by a gate that
