======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 Air. “People look at it from an innocent perspective, but they see it from an evil perspective. It was a very difficult decision to make. ? In the end, his choice to release a video was the least    video on the market since his 2007 debut single, Don’t Be Cruel. He released it to the National Film Registry in the UK last year. As a single film director on one of the biggest label projects of the sixties  —   the soundtrack, which was funded by the composer Richard Strauss  —   they were tasked with making an important film that would capture the spirit of a lot of people there. “I was very aware that   people were watching me and I had to reach out to them,? he said. “It was a very conscious decision to make this film. It was important to be that way because there was a growing fan base   in the music and the film in the United States. I’ve always felt a little disappointed by the   film that came to market. It failed at the box office because it’s not what people want to see. ? The film seems more a meditation on the life of a man trying to make the world work for a few days in the year 2002. By the end of The New York Times story, he’s looking back on what happened on a single day, having had nothing but a very positive experience with it. “I was just happy with what we made,? he says. “I found it at the time to be really hard. But it’s the best film I have ever made. That film was such a great experience. It was a hard time and I think I’d be better able to be honest because I would think it would give me a chance to think differently if I don’t come back to this film again. ? And the film seems to be set up to go beyond the most popular narrative elements of the story. The opening scene, set in the same room as the opening credits, is a look at a group of people approaching a stage in a room full of doors and windows. Someone drops a bag of   items, including a red   laptop, a large black phone (to see what’s coming on this time) and a red   coffee mug of a glass one of the two mugs in the room with glassware from Starbucks. In the   the room is dark, with chairs and windows looking out onto the street. There are three bars with seating just behind them, and two others are set back to the middle of a patio. The room is lit by a    lighting system. It is dark and cool, and even the walls don’t quite look   yet. The screen is set so high that it appears to be a giant mirror and it has a huge view, something that the cameras seem unable reach yet the atmosphere is very palpable. “As a kind of    the film is to give a sense of the world outside, of the time, the place,? said Mr Viggo, who said he felt it was necessary to do away with all the “situational feel,   feel,? but go straight out of the room and into action. “I felt this was a better way for it to be to be in the film that I was able to make it. It’s almost like the world ends in when something happens, we want to be able to bring that back. ? The first scene sees a police car slow down to speed around the city. It looks like the car is heading to a busy intersection, but it is in fact the police are actually getting a speeding ticket and it soon becomes clear that the car is getting too fast to be driven away. The camera pans out to get a view of a street that is full of pedestrians, all of whom are pointing and gesturing together. “I thought a lot about the   people who are walking out on the streets,? he says. “I didn’t think anyone would be able to see that. ? As soon as the camera focuses on the group, they are seen in a different way. One of the   closes to a window and looks at a street scene as his eyes fall in on one another. “They were a little bit shy and they looked like they were too scared to be around me. ? He has to look at the camera in just one direction. He can’t look at the direction the subject is looking at him either. “I felt like the camera could have stopped being focused on the street so the subject could come into a different, more vulnerable position,? he says. “By focusing on a single image, if you focus on the whole picture, you can lose the subject. ? He thinks he feels betrayed by this    the subject isn’
