======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 like that moment to make a big change. ? A few hours later he started again on Tuesday evening. “I think that our party in the Senate has a very small majority, I don’t think we’re going to go crazy in the Senate. I don’t think we’re going to go into that process. I don’t think we’ll use the cloture and we’ll try and come back and try to take it over [from the minority parties]. I think that would probably require a little bit of bipartisanship within those committees. You can see why Chairman Murray could’ve been more strident in his opposition to cloture and to go to the floor. ?   In the end, he seemed to come around, which was remarkable. The filibuster, he said, “could stay,? and he ended the filibuster fight by himself. Here’s the interesting part: I understand. I have a point. But, because you have this, you have this second argument, you have this third argument, you have this one that I’ve noticed, and I thought you mentioned in your tweet Tuesday evening. In response to you, Senator Bennie said that as long as we had the filibuster, we would like to see a bipartisan supermajority to overturn the provisions in the bill that President McConnell and Majority Leader Mitch McConnell have put forward to repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act. If we had the whole suite of 28 votes, this filibuster, which is the current Senate precedent, would be overridden completely. Senator Jeff Merkley, who is the ranking Democrat on the Senate Judiciary Committee, and I agree completely. He put forward his own amendment to overturn the ACA that would overturn those regulations and bring back the ability for the President to unilaterally pull the rug out of the Congressional Budget Office and throw it out the window when he wanted to eliminate the mandate. And then, that may be the strongest of the three. The Senate has a very conservative bent. If the Senate were to vote in that fashion, there would no more Democratic filibuster against a President Trump or a House Republican, because no one in the Senate would deny Senator Warren’s amendment, because it would conflict with the Senate’s history, including its current Senate history, which has been pretty consistent from the time of John Adams and the Senate used to be far more deliberative in its process of approving legislation. The way my colleagues Adam P. Hocmoor, Mark Halperin, John McCain, and others have described the Senate history shows this is not a process that is sustainable, because every Senate majority is now beginning to wrestle with the arcane and sometimes overwhelming power of the cloture rule and with the way that this filibuster was operated in the Senate. Senator Stabenow’s amendment was a long shot, because the majority whip is a Democrat, and was a longtime senator who had left the Senate in February after being defeated in a Republican bid to block his nomination. A lot of senators had been worried that they would be turning back the filibuster, which is designed to keep the Senate in Republican hands, into law. As far as I’ve seen, the cloture rule is designed in such a way that a president can easily win confirmation votes only by invoking a very rare,   provision that is extremely rare among the 60 senators, where the filibuster is a constitutional requirement. For good measure, there is another significant change to the Senate rules. In 2013, the Senate changed the rules so that Senate majority leaders can withdraw all or most of a vote from a cloture motion, effectively putting the filibuster to rest for all or most of the Senate. This makes it easier for senators to invoke the cloture rule. But this change could be quickly reversed, leaving the filibuster intact for most of the year. The Senate confirmed most of the early nominees that Senate Republicans blocked last year, as well as James Comey, former U. S. Director of FBI, and Rick Dearborn, former U. S. Secretary of Labor. The biggest surprise was the vote to appoint Andy Puzder, the newly controversial U. S. Secretary of Labor, to run the U. S. Department of Labor. There was significant opposition to his confirmation, leading to criticism from Democrats that cloture was being systematically politicized to block President Obama’s nominees. The Senate confirmed Scott Pruitt, Oklahoma Attorney General, to head the Environmental Protection Agency, but his nomination to head the Department of Health and Human Services failed after just five votes. Pruitt is well aware of the rule change. In a June letter to Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid, he complained that his nomination wasn’t being considered because his past involvement with the agency would draw attention to his   ties. (Reid is no stranger to this criticism.) Senator Dianne Feinstein of California, the ranking Democrat on the Senate Judiciary Committee, said: “I urge you to reconsider Mr. Pruitt’s nomination because his conflicts
