======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 something after he came back to the State. During my first week on the job, I had many discussions about him and his election. Many of them centered on his temperament and his approach to work. Many of them related to his campaign themes. The one thing that consistently kept me from becoming a surrogate  —   what you would call an expert  —   was just how much work it would take to persuade Mr. Trump to change his temperament enough for work. Once he began to change it, the job became far more difficult than I anticipated. I wish I had known more about the candidate before the campaign started. But Mr. Trump has changed and gotten better at following through. Many people do not realize it, but he is much better now than he was in August. During the campaign, he often suggested that he should be   because, unlike in previous years, a majority of voters disapproved of him. The poll numbers for Mr. Trump are not good. But the president can be made to look bad by framing it otherwise  —   like a referendum on the campaign. In his first address to a joint session of Congress, he declared the war against the American people over a   period and appealed to their respect for the Constitution. Mr. Trump’s supporters applauded the speech as a victory for the   presidency and his promises to undo some of the most significant achievements of his predecessor. But its effect was less clear cut for Mr. Trump than for his advisers. While the speech was well received by most Republicans in Congress, it was viewed less favorably by many Democrats. In his first address to Congress, Mr. Obama warned lawmakers about the threats posed by the Islamic State and Iran and urged them to pass legislation to stop them. His message was particularly relevant in the new political climate, though, given that Congress was currently divided along ideological lines on health care. Even some of Mr. Obama’s own supporters privately criticized his approach. “The message has been a mixed bag,? said Representative Steny H. Hoyer of Maryland, the Democratic leader, on “Morning Joe. ? He added that the president had not delivered the “constellation of actions that will make America safer. ? Mr. Trump, despite many of the criticisms, has maintained a generally   and   approach to    issues. He has taken to mocking Democrats who try to undermine his policy proposals, calling them “incompetent. ? Still, he was less scathing about Mr. Obama’s speech than about congressional Republicans when he appeared on “Fox  Friends. ? While Mr. Obama did not refer to the speech by Mr. Trump in his address, he noted his own role in a series of   actions. “I did it again, as a statement? Mr. Obama said. “I think he likes the job we thought he was doing, and I think he believes he’s a messenger, and I’m hoping and praying that we’re all on the same page on the message, that we can make a difference in the United States, and make it happen, I don’t think we can think of an alternate slogan for him to use. ? Mr. Trump has not yet responded to several attacks on his predecessor by the left, and it is too early in his administration to see what he will do. His advisers have hinted at an executive order on immigration  —   which many conservatives opposed but in which Democrats managed to secure a majority in the Senate  —   that would roll back the Affordable Care Act. But most of all, the speech was meant to build Mr. Obama’s bipartisan case for the new president staying in power, while also highlighting the importance of the president’s legacy. Mr. Obama’s speech was widely panned on social media, with many conservatives saying their views had been turned upside down by the president’s words. Trump supporters, meanwhile, were quick to counter on Twitter not long after the speech began, citing former Republican leaders who approved of Mr. Obama’s predecessor having used the word “reformer. ? “Just like the Clintons treated Hillary Clinton as their own, Obama is treating Trump as their own,? one user wrote under the heading “President of the United States,? the user said. On Monday, the White House released a statement saying President Obama’s “thoughts and prayers? were with “hope and optimism? for “the success of the next four years. ? A spokesman for the man credited with breaking Mr. Obama’s first term party, Mr. Obama, a Democrat himself, declined to respond to a message left with a spokesman, Nick Bartlett, saying the former party president had “great hopes for the success of Democrats and their constituents. ? A White House official, who asked for anonymity to speak frankly about a decision not to seek an   term  , said
