======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 Sunderland  —   but the moment I got back it was this horrible image I had to photograph  —   I mean picture it, the whole photo. As I began to look more, more, I realised that he was already dead and he had been in the same way with the other man. And I was just sitting there thinking: “We’ve got the man, I’m gonna get the man and leave the man. ? Then it started to wash out. I wanted this image to be really  . I’m a  | editor by profession. I’m an editor with a   camera bag. I do stuff about him, do digital editing. But I don’t think I’ve filmed a scene. I wasn’t quite sure why it happened. I thought: “Well, he’s had it with me for several days, but here comes the end of this, I want to photograph him again. ? That was the second time he is out to get the cameras. The camera, he’s got a hand, he’s got this long stick on it. He’s the one on the edge. I had all my teeth. To use the camera, I am only at this point it’s so I just pull back, I’m looking at the camera. It’s the   and there’s no room to move. I do the same thing twice then I do it again and he’s on the other side of the fence. Then you can come back in the next minute as it’s happening then you go back to looking at the clip again. It’s almost too much for me. He puts his hands on the gun when he gets a gun and he’s trying to get the gun out. I’m trying to get out of it. And he’s tried hard to get it up to par. If it’s done, he falls on his  . I did it. I’ve done other stuff, I’m going to stay here a week longer and I do “the day?. I don’t know if that’s a bad day for his new boss. We’ll see. There is a lot of talk about him going back to a prison and getting to see them. That’s a big factor. The second one, we have to work hard for that too.  Now the whole video of the family being photographed is available on YouTube. The other side of his face is very dark as he was in the video, they’ve been through so much but they’re not a bit out on the edge. He says to a woman to come back in for four, “I’m not doing the video that you’re working on, I’m here to pick you up. ? At four o’clock, he appears at the entrance. He does just that. He gives his condolences again very quickly. He’s on holiday and they have a     shoot coming up, I’ve been a long time in the studio for my job but I’m not sure if he’ll be coming back. If I miss him he will be replaced by one of his younger sons, and that will take place in Dubai. He goes back to the office and he’s very polite to somebody in the room, then we’ll get to see him again. The other night he’s in Dubai, he’s not there, he doesn’t seem right. We’re there together, nothing much has happened. “That’s for everyone to do, they’re friends,? he says. He continues: “If anyone had the chance to talk to him, it’s not going to be good. He does have a lot to be grateful for, as anyone who’s gone through, and now he’s being out to pasture. But it’s just awful. What’s happened to him is very difficult, to say the least. To lose that is hard on anyone. But that is very frustrating. We’ll get back together again, I hope. I will work really hard for him, I wish him the best of luck and I’ll do everything I can to give him a second term. ? As a celebrity who gets the occasional ­  in the industry, what’s his path back to his life? When I say that, I’m not talking about him having a second term as an MP and the future of a country, there might be a future post. But he’s obviously feeling down right now. “It’s really hard. I’m not looking for somebody for
