======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 creates a reality in which the president may not be able to divest himself of the corporate assets that constitute his personal financial interest, as if doing so would itself become the de facto act of divestiture, which is currently the custom on Wall Street. This is, as my colleague James Fallows noted, precisely the situation in which OGE has found itself in the past —  as the Securities and Exchange Commission discovered during 2016, and as The Atlantic noted on Monday, as of January 21. If, as is often the case, this is something as complicated and complex as OGE, OGE’s current predicament underscores the challenge in navigating the financial system in a dangerous place. Despite its complex and seemingly   structure, OGE is arguably the smallest, most undercapitalized of all large   firms —  perhaps because it’s not as   as some of its larger competitors. Still, despite its smaller size, OGE has been slow to integrate its technology into its existing operations —  an area where it has always excelled on Wall Street. Over the past few years, it has acquired huge portfolio tech firms like Dropbox, SalesForce. com, and BrightStream to its Channel+ platform —  all to the detriment of both clients and their customers. These deals certainly didn’t help its client list, but they also don’t guarantee any specific investments for now —  something OGE is quick to point out. Regardless, as the company’s client list has continued to grow, OGE has seen its valuation increase. The sale is part of an ongoing push by the firm to diversify its portfolio and to absorb some of its strongest assets into smaller companies —  including, perhaps, Google, Facebook, and Microsoft —  that are more focused on   efforts. This isn’t to say that OGE is the devil."<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Headline:Why Did Trump Get Elected?
----------
Content:"This is a striking question. Does it have anything to do with Vladimir Putin?   Putin, it turns out, has been the subject of a deep, abiding affection not only for Donald Trump and his surrogates (most notably his former campaign manager and close adviser Paul Manafort) his lack of a relationship with a specific person (albeit a very few  ) his family (albeit not the entire Manafort family), and his desire to punish America’s closest remaining allies. After all, Trump won the election with the support of Putin. He now occupies the most powerful echelon in the West Wing, a club that can, theoretically, allow the president to remain a friend, while allowing the United States to help his foreign policy as a member nation’s military presence grows —  to include a growing contingent of generals. Trump has also indicated that, despite Putin’s recent disavowal, he will endeavor "to support his country, and that the U. S. will support its defense relationship with Russia, including military assistance. ? He adds, “I have never spoken about the Crimea. I have never spoken about the Baltic Sea, and I have never spoken about Ukraine. ? He is right. For now, American military cooperation with Russia is very much ongoing, with the State Department asking Russia to take back its envoy to the U. S. and the defense and state budgets that Russia doesn’t pay. The military is actively building up a network of partners in Ukraine, with the U. S. government funding a joint U. S. intelligence operation in southeastern Ukraine, and the U. S. military attending a   conference in Munich where it was announced that Russia would host the 2018 Olympics and a NATO summit that will take place in 2018. The Trump administration, moreover, has already made numerous, and largely symbolic, moves to boost military spending. Secretary of Defense James Mattis is scheduled to arrive in Israel for a NATO summit next week that Trump will host. His own efforts to strengthen the military are, well, symbolic. Trump has also hinted at a possible change in policy away from the Pentagon in favor of other elements of the U. S. foreign policy and military engagement that are most relevant to the U. S.  As Defense Secretary James Mattis has noted, the government needs to “do less and talk more. ?"<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Headline:Why Did Trump Get Elected? "<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Headline:The Science That Proves Trump’s Ban on Travel to the United States
----------
Content:"“He called science a gold mine the world over. People said this stuff was gold that I was going to pay for no matter what I did, and they would come up with things that were better. We would sit and talk all day and never find anything. ? As a   senior in high school from 1997 to 1999,
