======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 official  —   or the     at most   . Mr. Trump’s policy has often been the subject of criticism, along with many of his campaign promises. He has called for revamping the tax code, renegotiating trade agreements, building a wall, renegotiating the trade deficit or stopping illegal immigration. He has promised to provide new jobs and to bring back jobs in America. But he often boasts of having done something instead. He announced that he was running for president of the United States in April 2015, and in a short time, he had amassed more than 14 million votes. His initial campaign was a    effort, and by September, he had nearly 1 million. “He has not started from scratch on this,? Mr. Trump’s former national political director, Stephen K. Bannon, told reporters at the Republican National Convention the month before the Iowa caucuses. “And I think that has to do more than just the campaign. ?"<endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Headline:"In a White House, Trump Has a Model for Success: the Obamas - The New York Times"
----------
Content:"WASHINGTON  —   President Trump signed an executive order Saturday that temporarily blocked citizens of seven other Muslim countries from entering the United States for 90 days in a new immigration plan. The order did not mention Afghanistan, Iraq or Somalia, and would affect people from Iran, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, Syria and Yemen. But it was a reminder of the ways in which the Trump administration had already started   a war against the Islamic State, one of the world’s most violent terrorist groups, and its first attempt to impose a ban on travelers from those seven countries. Although the order was temporary, it represented a stark departure from the way Mr. Trump, in the White House’s first week, seemed to operate, and was a stark assertion of power in a world in turmoil. But the order also gave rise to the first major battle at the Department of Homeland Security, which is fighting the initial ban and its successor to overturn it. There is a long path ahead as the president tries to fulfill other key campaign promises while also trying to pass a bill to replace the Affordable Care Act, as well as fund the nation’s national infrastructure project to construct a wall across the desert and put in place an infrastructure bill. The White House did not immediately release plans for the first four weeks of the ban. A Homeland Security spokesman, who spoke on the condition of anonymity because the order was still being reviewed, said that a new security program would be in place in a week to allow people from the seven countries to get more timely access. “We will review all of the countries that are covered by this order and decide which to prioritize and decide what people should be,? the department spokesman, John F. Loring, said. Mr. Trump’s order would not affect permanent legal residents, but he also did not indicate where he planned to place the future of the program. In the initial travel ban, Mr. Trump asked the Supreme Court to delay it temporarily to determine whether it should be in effect for 90 days, and to allow it to expire only if it is found unconstitutional. It was the first time since Mr. Trump took office that the Court of Federal Claims has halted a president’s temporary travel ban. The Ninth Circuit Court denied a request to keep the original order under seal, which is what Judge W. Neil M. Gorsuch, the court’s unanimous nominee for the eighth seat, is likely to do. Some legal experts say Mr. Trump’s attempt to circumvent judicial review will have other positive effects if it reaches the House of Representatives at least. “At the moment, we haven’t seen Congress move ahead. There’s a precedent for the Trump administration to bypass the Senate entirely,? said Richard W. Hasen, associate director of the Brennan Center for Justice at Middlebury College. “But there’s an argument that if they are not sitting for 90 more weeks, they can’t get that far. ?"<endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Headline:"Trump Vows to Repeal and Replace Law After Hearing From Congressional Group - The New York Times"
----------
Content:"WASHINGTON  —   In a speech that set the tone for his   presidency and promised to repeal many of the nation’s biggest laws, President Trump laid out his plans to replace the Affordable Care Act and slash the federal budget deficit. But his target is not to pass a law he did not mention. His goal instead is to cut the budget deficit in half, to be a little more than $50 billion, and his budget plan has yet to be released. That the budget deficit is bigger than his stated aim to do so is the point this week. The budget deficits are big and often unappealing. President
