======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 Another time I played with a teenage version of myself. I am not quite sure what had changed, just that I’m a different person. It is only when the sun sets and the   wind has pulled all of us into a rut of mediocrity that the next logical step is to make sure that it stays that way."<endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Headline:Trump’s Budget May Be ‘Unutterable’: Report Says Spending Is a Key Provider of Huge Fears - The New York Times
----------
Content:"WASHINGTON  —   President Trump and Congress might need to agree on a budget to avert a government shutdown, but congressional leaders are bracing for a   showdown over how to pay for it. White House budget officials and senior congressional staff will tell you that Mr. Trump’s budget blueprint calls for $5. 8 trillion, or 17 percent more than that proposed for the current government shutdown, and includes a $1 trillion increase for military spending, an increase of $1. 8 trillion for border security and $587 billion in infrastructure spending. The proposal, released Thursday, includes an earmark of $1 trillion for an unspecified increase in military spending, though the exact figure may not matter given the scale of the increase and underlying cuts in the spending bill. The $5. 8 trillion in savings for the government, which is in first pass, Mr. Trump said amounted to $1 trillion in potential revenue, equaling a government debt with a growth rate of about 10 percent. Mr. Trump also suggested that $447 billion could come from large increases in the corporate tax rate. That was not true. A detailed   analysis by the Congressional Budget Office, which projects gross domestic product for the current fiscal year, found that the tax bill would increase revenue by only about 4 percent. The Tax Foundation, a research group that takes a hard look at tax proposals, calculated that the corporate tax rate would remain relatively low for the same proposal, raising only about 2 percent. The budget office found that it would raise revenue by about 10 percent under current law. The $1 trillion in revenue that House Republicans aim to cut comes from a variety of sources. It includes money that would be redirected to domestic programs, which a Trump administration official said might include $100 billion to $200 billion in revenue from an infrastructure plan, including roads, bridges and railways. But that could prove insufficient, since many of those same projects are interrelated, with other government priorities that could also be addressed with an increase in the corporate tax rate. Mr. Trump has made no secret of his desire to cut taxes for the middle class. And he has called for slashing $1 trillion from the federal budget over 10 years, though it is not clear what he hopes to achieve with such a tax overhaul. Mr. Trump, by contrast, proposed cutting taxes for the wealthy 1 percent, which would be able to escape what he termed a “Jared vortex. ? Such tax cuts would be expected to attract bipartisan support. Representative Sandy Levin, a Michigan Democrat and the House Ways and Means Committee chairman, who is close with Mr. Trump, proposed a tax cut that would raise an average rate on the wealthy by as much as 41 percent over a decade, a dramatic increase that his group, Democratic Raise the Rates, said would raise taxes on the very top 1 percent of earners. “It’s going to put more money in the pockets of working families across the country,? he said. “Under Jeb Bush, we had corporate tax rates that were among the highest in the industrialized world. Now, we have one where we’re at a tax rate that’s lower. ? He said it was time for a tax overhaul that incorporated a progressive tax plan. “Americans already know what they can and can’t afford. They know what deductions they can and can’t afford. They know how they’re being taxed, and they want a tax reform plan that gives every American who has ever worked in the American labor force a fair shot at fairness for the middle class,? Mr. Levin said. Mr. Trump, who has vowed to bring back coal mining jobs, has signaled that he sees little alternative to cutting corporate taxes by half a rate that Mr. Bush set at 28 percent. At a White House reception for coal miners on Friday, Mr. Trump said he was lowering rates for the vast majority of taxpayers and cutting corporate loopholes that allow employers to give tax breaks to their workers. “It’s time to deliver for my backers in the Reagan era. ? Even some outside the immediate circle of officials and congressional leaders warn that tax overhauls can be a last resort for the White House, which has been plagued by divisions in its ranks in recent weeks with some lawmakers and conservative think tanks warning that the health of the American health care law is in peril, and others saying the White House should instead focus on passing a $1
