======== SAMPLE 1 ========
ile. The American Health Care Act would have been repealed before it went into effect —  or so my friend the conservative commentator Ann Coulter believes —  but the Democrats could have won without the law rather than its opponents. (I don’t believe in “consensual? abortions, so I do think the GOP should be legislating to prohibit them, if it’s not already done.) It’s a similar argument I made last fall, but I acknowledge that even if that was the intention, even if all of my Republicans were pro-life I still wouldn’t be able to vote in favor of the Affordable Health Care Act. That would require a level of voter turnout with Republican majorities, as I’ve been explaining for some time now. Republicans are now beginning to rally around both sides of the debate —  but I hope to see a much more sophisticated and persuasive response. For now, as things stand, I’m not so much worried about the outcome of the battle as I am about the lack of substance in the arguments. We don’t even know the answers to those questions."<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Headline:How Trump Is Finally Breaking With Senate Democrats
----------
Content:"How Faced With a Republican State of Emergency  At a public event on Wednesday, Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer implored the president not to go down with the bill. “Do not let this happen,? he warned, sounding as though he were recalling some painful and painful moments of his life. The New York Times reports that the White House is now putting off a decision on the most sweeping health plan in years, but the fact that it has been so closely controlled in the past suggests nothing really substantial has changed in terms of the shape of the bill. But that seems all to for now. It’s certainly an option some Democrats are considering: A few members of the leadership are pushing for a legislative strategy in their party’s internal warfare of revolt and  . As a general matter, it is difficult to fault the president’s choices as deep as they are. But it is very possible that all of us could have a moment of deep regret and reflection. If we are feeling especially nostalgic for FDR or Kennedy or McCarthy, it is because those men or women confronted a stark choice of policy: either joining and working with Republicans to try to hold their party and republic at ransom, or looking into the abyss and making do with the wreckage. (The second death of a     is one thing: The Senate filibuster is another.) But what does this have to do with the Republicans? I asked Schumer at the outset of the day if he was prepared for the worst. He shrugged, surprised that anyone seemed to have the idea. “Who are you kidding?? he demanded. “It’s the Democrats. ? It’s hard to square the two. Even in   America, there are many people and institutions in the system that can’t be ignored, even if this president would prefer to do nothing. The political climate is rapidly changing. The new president has many enemies. The opposition party in each party is rapidly growing in size. There are three major ideological factions: liberal democracy is coming to an end. And each one is trying to shape how we vote. That’s why Trump’s first major policy initiative is so significant: It’s a stark rejection of the consensus view among many voters of America’s politics. The   Democrats, like all good things, are struggling to understand what the   American middle class wants. The most recent round of this debate has come to an end in this atmosphere: President Donald Trump’s first major legislative initiative, Obamacare, was delivered in 2010 with much fanfare and many favorable headlines, but it soon received scorn for its many shortcomings as an insurance policy aimed at poorer   Americans failed miserably. The ACA was designed as a major structural overhaul, but it was also highly criticized. Over time, Democrats tried to apply the harshest possible partisan backlash to its rollout: Republicans, having taken the opportunity offered to repeal Obamacare for personal gain on their own, then blamed Democrats for its flaws. The ACA remains unpopular. But if that weren’t enough to show, then the failure of the ACA to reduce costs, with much less than any measure could have to help, was an equally telling. The Democratic resistance to any deal has never been more important than in the current atmosphere: Congress still runs the show, and with it, many lawmakers —  particularly on this crucial first few votes —  look toward those votes to see how those who are getting an unpopular bill will shape the deal. There’s a lesson here. It’s not all bad news. Although the Democratic coalition has been growing for decades, it’s rising for many Democrats —  in Congress and at the polls. The best example
