======== SAMPLE 1 ========
? I said for us. But it was one of the most memorable moments of the first presidential debate, because it shows you the power of that emotional connection between a politician and his constituents that often goes unnoticed, and sometimes happens on television. Trump’s supporters in that crowd are thrilled that one of their candidate’s finally made an appearance on TV. His rhetoric is always so aggressive and   —   I think he’s the only candidate who can really stand by his promises and do things with consistency, which are so boring these days —   and his campaign, which the left is totally ignoring. The same happened with Hillary Clinton. She was a highly effective campaigner throughout the primary, and then her momentum crashed. Her negatives went through the roof, and she lost. People who wanted this to be a story of a comeback now that she’s out of the race, and it’s been a failure for her now that she’s out of the race. I believe she was a very effective campaigner, much improved with Trump, with the economy, and now she’s a senator. I think she’s a more successful candidate because she’s better equipped to talk to voters as well. And for me, it’s in the DNA of my own political style, it’s in the DNA of my family, and it’s in the DNA of my friends that Trump is coming out of the closet, not only because of what he has done, but also because of what he’s been doing. The    Trump has been doing recently, and he’s being presented as a rockstar, which is the opposite of what was true of Hillary Clinton. When I see him on television talk about his tax plan, I feel like it’s going to come out of the barn and I can tell God it will and that the plan is going to be very successful. And I think he’s getting what he deserves, which is that nothing’s ever going to be so boring."<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Headline:The Atlantic Daily: Twitter’s Latest Threat to Trump’s Claims.
----------
Content:"While this threat is somewhat harmless for the president, there appears to be more to it than meets the eye. Last night, the administration circulated a diagram on Twitter suggesting that it was in fact, not just the CIA that has access to intelligence, but “the other shoe? that “may have dropped? when Trump took office last June. In this leaked version of the “other shoe? diagram, the CIA had planted the      in an intelligence agency. “CIA,? the CIA has noted, is “not authorized to release this information to the public. ? In other words, the     —  or in this case, the    —  was given not only a pass, but also a pass. And that pass might be a fake. The      and his agent may have been the one planting it, using a dummy information to fake the     . And he may have been the one. In any case, the CIA didn’t give the “   ? or his CIA handlers a pass, and some intelligence officials have raised questions about whether the details were authentic or a leak that got out of hand. There have been reports that the CIA was worried that the “other shoe? may go to the White House, and that “the whole thing with the CIA   was orchestrated? by Trump. The CIA, it seems, didn’t have the best start to this   when it was first put out by Mike Flynn for his false statement about conversations with the Russian ambassador earlier this month. Flynn and those questions have now been dragged into this administration, where Flynn has been described as a loose cannon, a man who would take an   to the office, and someone who “did a very good job? just a few weeks ago. But, then, this intelligence was taken off the shelf. If the     and    were there, they were certainly not for Trump at the time of the CIA meeting. And, as a result, the intelligence was released publicly, without the administration taking notes or commenting on what went on inside its ranks or on social media in the meantime.   The CIA has not confirmed any of these details. Nor have the White House and the CIA made clear how they account for the     in its official statement. Last night, the National Security Council did not weigh in. But National Security Adviser Michael Flynn has confirmed that the issue was indeed brought up. “The United States has shared sensitive intelligence with other countries and organizations in the past, but has never shared intelligence as part of our broader national security policy,? he told reporters at an evening
