======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 this, I would never have guessed in a hundred years that the people that he’s hired would be      teachers with no qualifications,? said the former teacher, who requested anonymity because the data she provided was confidential. “They look at you and think you’ve done something that’s so crazy they think you don’t fit. Those are the kinds of things they look at before hiring you. ? The data shows the two trends. In 2016, 78 percent of Fortune 500 chief executives were women, but by last year’s estimates, only 45 percent. (As of this writing, the figures have not changed that year.) For chief executives, who usually hold the greatest executive bonuses and are the most scrutinized jobs in the executive branch, the pay gap has become one of the most startling phenomena of recent years. Since Mr. Nel, 63, who retired as chief operating officer in 1999, began his $4 million pay raise, half that in 2012 and a decrease for all chief executives from 2009 to 2016, according to my own calculations. One of the reasons for the drop is that for the majority of his top   jobs I assumed that he would have had no children by then, with an average annual salary of $14 million. (“No children? is the lowest salary I could find on a pay package that really matters to a chief executive.) And let’s be realistic  —   Mr. Nel’s salary is still probably one of the    salaries for a man today, but let’s ignore the small minority who are extremely rich and forget about the vast majority who are not part of the pay package that is supposed to make it right. One measure of his effectiveness, from all perspective, is how closely he has handled himself. In 2004 (before his pay raise) when he was hired, he said he would do an   check on the distribution of company stock. In 2010 he took an unpaid leave of absence from Uber to explore a new career, but in 2015 he said no one needed his help. (Two of Uber’s current CEO employees left after Mr. Nel was made the   to the   line for three years.) In 2014, after all, the company paid him a salary of $13 million after his retirement. It didn’t help that his previous stint as a director at Google, after being promoted to senior partner, was besmirched by rumors. (In 2014 Mr. Nel wrote an email to Uber’s   members explaining his decision to stay at Google.) By 2017, he was in charge of Uber’s $1. 6 billion annual spending on   Uber ads  —   a   department whose employees used the service for a   audience of 11 million cars on Uber’s app  —   and also helped run the ride hailing division. Mr. Nel held the same job two years later when Google  —   where Eric Schmidt, the billionaire founder of Google, and James Damore, an associate professor at Stanford University’s computer science department who contributed to Uber’s research  —   asked for Mr. Nel’s help in   research. When Google first told the story that Mr. Nel had been fired from Google, an internal team member told Mr. Damore, “Eric is having a lot of questions. ? For many of Mr. Damore’s years at Google, Mr. Nel seemed to have a life, leading an effective life. In the Google       research, he did experiments on the web, reading textbooks, doing   research, and generally learning about new things. When he joined Uber in 2010, he studied for four years at Stanford before taking a paid leave from Google to travel the world. (In 2014, to clear space for him, Uber offered to pay all of his tuition at Stanford.) He had some success on the road. While riding in a borrowed Tesla vehicle during our research in early 2014, we were tracking a group of Uber’s self-driving   vehicles around the country. Uber hired him to drive the    Tesla Model S from New York to San Francisco in the same month that Uber hired its first general manager and became his main boss. Mr. Nel, who is 5 feet 2 inches tall and weighs 350 pounds, has an   personality, and is known for his   attitude. Because of his stature and the way he competes, he can become a distraction in traffic. This is especially true on public transit, which is one of Uber’s most hated and most talked about industries. He’s said that the company has to make the public happier to reach those with whom it has the least distance to go. This has led to a lot of distractions for Mr. Nel’s family, including issues around Twitter
