======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 to close. (Reuters) - After a series of setbacks for U.S. President Donald Trump, his administration wants to move on with new legislation to roll back regulations and improve energy policies. The Department of Energy said in September it would be “delivering a regulatory approach that will move on.” The Senate Environment & Commerce Committee is considering a similar measure that the Energy Industry Regulatory Commission has requested, according to a committee staffer familiar with deliberations.  Trump, whose administration spent the last few months trying to unravel much of its predecessor’s policies on energy policy, is considering making the regulations more stringent.   But there are few signs of a concerted effort to change the existing regulatory landscape. The National Energy Technology and Finance Association, the industry association for energy utilities in the energy industry, met with the EPA’s office this week, but said it wasn’t hopeful it would pass the measures before November. The EPA’s Regulatory Enforcement Officer said any new rules could require the utility to consider permitting costs, permitting and building permits for projects in other states within the jurisdiction. “We believe the EPA is looking at more aggressive regulations,” said Mark Perry, executive director of the NERC, in a statement. “With regulations that could increase cost and decrease the value of the resources required to ensure energy security, the EPA is not willing to change what we see now,” he said. “We do not expect any major rules or waivers or changes in the regulations” that could slow the rate of energy production increases, the NERC official said.      ",<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Headline:Clinton urges Congress to support immigration reform for November
Content: "WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Democrat Hillary Clinton urged the U.S. Senate on Thursday to back a new immigration reform bill by promising to let more immigrants make their way into the country for work if they show there is “unprecedented need” for them. “We want to encourage more people to come in this month,” Clinton, a former secretary of state, told the Senate in an email late on Wednesday, adding that she wants “legal immigration reform that encourages more immigrants to become citizens so they bring their best skills to the country and contribute back to the country.” In a speech on Thursday, Clinton reiterated a campaign pledge to relax certain restrictions on immigrants who have entered the United States, but said the U.S. immigration system is “broken.” She said more needed to be done to shore up the system which has strained the welfare for the nation’s poorest people. Clinton and Republican Senator Chuck Grassley, who has been fighting for years to improve the system, last month announced a joint effort on a new bill to rewrite the way immigrants’ legal residency is enforced. That legislation, which would allow for a more complicated and costly legal path to live in the United States, has divided many in Congress.        Trump said he could not have done more than a basic review of the system, and promised a “Lot for the (legalized and legal) Dreamer” and would provide “a Path to Citizenship.” In recent weeks, Trump, a New York real estate mogul who has never held political office, has called for a more targeted path for people already in the country illegally to become citizens before giving themselves work permit. Trump, a New York businessman and former reality television star, has also promised to make changes at the border and deport millions. The Dreamers have been living as American workers in the country for decades. “The Dreamers have been here illegally for decades. They’ve worked their way to this country as hard as we will throw them,” said Senator Antonio Rubio, a Rubio-based lawmaker from Florida.  ",<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Headline:Obama tells Trump's immigration advisers not to give him sanctuary
Content: "WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Barack Obama urged the Republican-dominated U.S. Congress to help end what he called a “war on public safety and law enforcement” by giving sanctuary cities the same authority as the federal government to enact immigration policies “in the interest of public safety.” “These cities are already taking many of the enforcement actions necessary to protect the public. And they have committed to protecting residents and neighborhoods alike when ICE does so,” Obama said Wednesday, adding: “We need to reform the existing immigration policies in the United States to support the people with the skills the federal government will need to keep safety.”  He said local police and officials would not be acting in the “war on public safety” while the Trump administration has called for expanded deportations, increased border patrols and border enforcement. In remarks that appeared to suggest a more restrictive, more discriminatory approach from
