======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 stopped he. He has been a Trump surrogate since he launched his presidential campaign in June 2015. Trump also has not been an anti-Trump voice on the campaign trail. During the 2016 Republican primaries, Trump beat his opponents in both contests   most notably in Nevada and Oklahoma in July primaries and in Kentucky in September, 2016. A spokeswoman for Trump did not agree with Trump on Tuesday but said in an email that Trump is in his “preferred form” and that he would “continue to push forward.”  Trump on Wednesday took a dig at Trump on Twitter over a Reuters story in which the Republican front-runner described NBC’s coverage of him as “horrible as hell.” “I’m not a reporter. You don’t call ‘news’ stuff when you like people who don’t even know what’s on the ballot?” Trump said in his tweet. ",<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Headline:"Factbox: Trump's tax plan could cost U.S. economy, jobs, jobs"
Content: "(Reuters) - President-elect Donald Trump’s proposal to slash U.S. corporate taxes and other taxes could hurt U.S. economic growth, create losers in U.S. industries, hurt U.S. labor markets and may also increase U.S. corporate debt service costs. The Tax Reform Act of 1986, known as the “Tax Reform Act of 1986,” was signed into law in 1986 by Republican President Ronald Reagan and revised in 2012 by Democrat Barack Obama. Since then, Republican administrations have tried and failed to overhaul the U.S. tax code or overhaul its tax structure.  “Tax reform will have a positive impact on economic growth because it will reduce the share of U.S. income tax paid by corporate and individual taxpayers and increase the share of U.S. income paid by the state and local tax authorities to fund education and public services,” the Congressional Budget Office (CBO), a non-partisan analysis of tax policy, said in a statement.  Tax reform must include proposals to reduce the share of U.S. income paid by the country’s corporate and individual tax authorities and to pay for tax reform by reducing federal taxes.  The nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office said in 2013 it was not aware of any changes to corporate and individual tax rate rules.  The nonpartisan analysis of changes to federal tax law or the proposed legislation by the Trump transition team would suggest to expect the U.S. economy could be better off with the proposal.  “Tax reform can improve GDP by improving the share of the economy that is taxed and the productivity of U.S. companies and the U.S. economy overall,” the CBO said. The U.S. corporate income tax (EITC), which is also a tax code change, currently is levied at a rate of 35 percent, with some states, like Hawaii, and some countries, like Britain, exempt from the levy. Companies that pay most of U.S. corporate income taxes are the largest U.S. employers and are likely to reap the biggest benefits.  The plan will cut taxes for U.S. corporations and the amount of business income income that the company takes in each fiscal year, the CBO said. “The plan can stimulate economic growth and make U.S. companies more productive to grow their workforces as well as generate new wealth and provide new opportunities and opportunities for the companies and their employees.” Since President Barack Obama’s 2009 deal to expand the U.S. debt limit, the CBO estimates that the U.S. corporate tax burden would grow more than 13 percent a year without a change to the EITC. That would prompt an increase in the need for a “massive debt sale...to get the U.S economy back to normal,” said Jason Furman, head of the White House Office of Management and Budget, which would be required if the budget deal cannot be implemented.  The Tax Reform Act of 1986 included a 25 percent tax deduction for state and local tax payments.  It was revised in the 1970s to eliminate the EITC deduction for state and local taxes but continued to apply to federal tax returns filed by both individual taxpayers and married couples.  The plan would also repeal the “IRS” tax-only deduction, which allows taxpayers to reduce income taxes by using an income deduction to help pay for their deductions.  ",<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Headline:Congress and White House agree to delay Obamacare repeal vote
Content: "WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Capitol on Tuesday approved a delay in the vote on repealing former President Barack Obama’s signature Affordable Care Act healthcare law, or Obamacare, ahead of a full vote on repealing the program in Congress. The
