======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 some of its more popular stars, and the show is no stranger to them. (O. J. Simpson, in his signature wig, played a character named Johnny Bravo a few times.) The best known is Mariska Willingham, who has hosted many shows for which she is credited in the credits, and who in the past has also been the featured star of an animated TV series, “House M. ? She was the host of Ms. Willingham’s “Sister Wagon,? which ran for 10 seasons on ABC. She is also the author of the books “The Art of Keeping Our Love Ordered? and “The Secret Life of the Apple Maid,? and a longtime mentor to Mrs. Miller. “I don’t know how that’s possible in such a short time frame,? Mr. Miller said. “I think I just ran out of patience. ? Mrs. Miller, 48, has two children, ages 13 and 9, and her husband, Joseph Marchesi Miller, a former professional soccer player, runs a truck company. Mr. Miller will still be there for the first few weeks of the new season. “I’m still there for her,? Mr. Miller said before giving up. “She’s going to be great, I can always see her. ? He is expected to start the season on a strong note, with a win in the first game. Ms. Miller, whose show opened in 1979, is regarded as one of the few television faces who have adapted gracefully to the times. In interviews, she has been asked about, among other things, her daughter’s   hairstyle. Ms. Miller has also adapted gracefully, in the past, to the challenges of a child star to avoid being identified in the media as some would consider a symbol of the ills in American society. She is the daughter of   her mother, and her father, John Miller Miller, a   of the Smothers brothers, has worked as a social worker for the elderly. His death at 65 from complications of Parkinson’s disease, which was widely believed to have been brought on by Alzheimer’s, will leave his   daughter, Grace, free to play with whatever she chooses. “You know where I stand,? Ms. Miller said in a recent interview with The New York Times. “The way she stands still, and it’s just amazing to see a young man standing there, so happy  —   you know, I love him, I really do. I’m just, I do wish she would stand still a little bit longer as well. ? Ms. Miller’s transition from showgirl icon to icon also took some persuading. She went from a show at the Metropolitan Museum of Art to appearing on CNN, in 1995, as a guest on “The Price Is Right,? a PBS show about a New York Doll salesman who is the face of a show that has captivated the nation with its glamor. When she joined the cast of the show, she said at the time, she did not know its title. “I was just a very little girl, and I was the most unscripted kind of girl,? she said. She said she dreamed of becoming a fashion designer  —   a dream in a   family that, as an article in The Los Angeles Times reported in 1997, took her up to the fashion world. “I said, I can do that,? she said in an interview, “and you can have that dream. You can go in that show business and you can dream it big. ?"<endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Headline:"Facing the Facts, Trump Takes Stock of His White House - The New York Times"
----------
Content:"WASHINGTON  —   President Trump has had his fill of the fake news. Now he is confronting the real truth, in his first address to a joint session of Congress. The president has offered no coherent vision of what comes next. Yet he may be able to take stock at the Capitol Hill press pool. “The only thing we’re getting from him is lots of empty promises and lots of empty promises,? said the reporter in the room at the Oval Office, who asked that he not be named. “He was all of these things. One minute he’s pledging to bring jobs back and the next he’s promising to gut the Affordable Care Act. ? “But the very, very first thing he said, all you ever hear are promises and false promises. And the first question I ask him is, what do you actually do for this country?? Mr. Trump began his address on Thursday with a rhetorical question that no politician in modern times could credibly answer. “The only thing that I know that
