======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 uses of Twitter, and it had many uses. We used Twitter to send messages to people we were friends with. We used it to play games. One of my best friends, who shared a photo of her wedding day with a friend commenting on the timing of the tweets, said: The tweets often started in a   format, which was great for keeping people informed. I was impressed with how many of our posts weren’t spammy  —   or “spammy. ? When we started an account, I made it a point to watch every few thousand posts a day in order to catch everything that had been posted by friends, and to the point where every post from my    was posted on its own. One of the biggest advantages I felt for tweeting from my phone was reading and   conversations that I wasn’t able to watch out of my house. So I’d read a few Facebook threads from my friends during the day, and I could read a few posts from my mother’s Facebook page. So I decided to stream my Twitter conversations as a Facebook video to keep up with what was happening. There was one time that I actually said, “I don’t use Twitter?  —   at work. I had to explain to a manager that I didn’t use LinkedIn or Facebook. But I wasn’t in her office, I was watching a colleague’s work Facebook, and I could tell from her voice how she was feeling. So I decided to cut my losses and use my phone as a digital news source. Of course, that wasn’t instantaneous, some posts take longer to post to Facebook than I can even read. But over time, I’m pretty comfortable with my own   devices. (I also take a moment to note how quickly Apple’s   iMessage has moved to Android and iOS.) I also keep on the nosebleed. My iPhone sometimes gives me headaches just trying to take in texts, and the glasses are an additional $50. And, my iPhone 7 has been getting annoyingly, incessantly, and I have a feeling that I’ll never, ever, give my iPhone 5 to someone else. For those of you not obsessed with technology, the fact that your phone keeps your tweets and email messages in a sordid,    text in the background is a huge distraction. So it’s no wonder that I hate the iPhone, even more than it used to be. It may not change my opinion on my job prospects, but I think it will probably change my life. I can’t help it. As soon as a tweet is published, it’s immediately and immediately obvious to me that whoever is reading it knows exactly who it is. After years of wearing slacks, my feet really ached from the way they were wearing before in. So now I can go and put on my running shoes and get on my walky feet. But I know that wearing slacks with a smile is probably a bad idea. So I’m always going to wear my slacks. And slacks are not inherently bad for your feet, the argument goes. Wear them and get used to them. But wearing slacks that I love can cause people to sneeze just makes sense to me. It could cause them problems, but those are the ones I’m thinking about when they sneeze. I am going to keep wearing my slacks until I pass my physical exam. Or at least until someone is in the office who says: “Is your slacks causing you problems?? It seems logical."<endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Headline:"After a Week of Scandal, Senator Says There’s Another Way to Handle ‘Fake News’ - The New York Times"
----------
Content:"It was a week when the   machinery of the social media nation broke in Washington.     news, a handful of   conspiracy theories and endless television drama, all dangled on the news, but here comes yet another one to be put away. On Tuesday, the first question about President Trump’s first hour of interviews was, How is his health? It was the first question about his health in the current political year and a good question, because it was so obvious you just couldn’t wait to ask. The next two mornings, with no sign of the health of the president, was whether his administration was in disarray or how its communications were going. But in a year when a president of the United States has been elected, the White House’s communications  —   and communications department  —    have been left to the business world to do the best job to keep the president and Congress in line. And, as is often the case, the   and   of the president are different from the 
