======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 public hermits and anarchists.  Although the French government officially recognized the Republic of Ireland after the fall of the Berlin Wall, the French aristocracy still labors under the auspices of the state. While most of the population adheres to a staunchly    tradition, there are pockets of discontent. Hugo Chapuy’s movement got under way in 2011, after Jean François Môois became the first president of the Republic of Ireland. The English vote did not match registered support, and Môois was elected by a narrow margin of 2%. However, his government was plagued with corruption and unemployment. In February 2012, Môois ran under the banner “Populaire? but was immediately engulfed in a   controversy when the Socialist party of Ireland, fielding an   government, forced its supporters to vote by proxy.  The Irish situation has been described by Patrick Hoban, a professor of political sociology at the University of Southampton, as “beset by scandal?. Hoban believes there is a serious breakdown of   ties between the Irish state and the population it serves. “There is a crisis of trust in the state, and the citizens who inhabit it, with all the institutions entwined in a mutual patronage network,? he pointed out. “This type of government might see the tabloid as something of a joke, but it doesn’t help the situation with its own citizens. ? The Irish situation is starkly different from that of the US, where the tabloids play a critical role in the citizenry’s   of the news reports  —   though neither has quite managed to equal the impact of the news media. In terms of scale, it differs almost nothing from the US, where the tabloids have almost entirely focused on the business end of the marriage. However, the Irish situation is dramatically different, as both tabloids are structured to a different level.  “The tabloids are way beyond my understanding,? Martin McGuinness, the last of the four sworn enemies of the United States, told a news conference in Dublin on Monday. “You cannot have a vicious tabloid. You cannot have a vicious Daily Mail,? he added, referring to the tabloid that he and his lieutenants use. “They cannot produce anything resembling a news story with very few holes. You cannot have a news report with more holes than you find. You cannot have a news report without being laughed out of the room,? he added. “And if you’re laughing out of the room, they’re going to hire you. ? For his part, Duggan said his main concern was “getting on with the job of becoming prime minister?. However ill and broken he seems, Duggan has got the hang of it. He has a track record of delivering landmark speeches in the East End, before announcing his resignation in the face of acute public humiliation. His tenure has been dogged by two occasions when his popularity forced him into early retirement. That was the case when he tried to intervene in 2011, when the Irish Central Bank bailed him out, but his popularity was still great, and he was able to hang on to his lowest rating, of 1% in the country. That was the equivalent of a   when he first came to power in 2004, when Ireland was still a member of the EU. But the banking crisis has also forced him into a   and several months into his second term, still under pressure. So his term as prime minister has not, as yet, been a particularly joyous one.  The emphatic speech after the Westminster attack, which has led to renewed calls for Britain to leave the EU, was, at the very least, a beacon of hope from a very troubled period. It may also have led to some very interesting conversations. The European Council president, Martin Schulz, was forced to cancel his meeting with Maiko Risks at the weekend, citing a desire to discuss further progress on the single currency. For Maiko Risks, the head of the European council, the decision was the best thing he had ever said. “I am particularly motivated by your courage and leadership in the face of such threats,? he said.  To see a small band of patriots from across the Atlantic rise up in defence of the free world and hold it with the same tenacity and resolve is inspirational. America has always stood by its allies, and it is a pleasure to see your great nation, like Ireland, continue to exemplify what is great about our continent.  While we are a long way from being brought to the bombs, it is great to see your great nation, the United States of America, stand with its allies, and be sure to stand with our great friend and partner in the fight against terrorism.  The message from Britain after this terrible terrorist attack is that we are with you. That is why we are looking forward to welcoming the leaders of the European Council to the UK at the leaders
