======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 find my place on the national stage, with a national team who I know and love more than anything else than the American system. It wasn’t always this way. There are always arguments between clubs about the importance of tradition and the importance of the fan. A few years ago in a new stadium in Columbus, the American national team found that they could play on Thursday nights when the national team was away, playing away or on the road. This gave the national team the best of times. On Friday, the national team played in its new stadium before the   game, playing in the first home game of the NPSL. I was there, just the other night, with a group of national team journalists. When the national team’s season ended it was a celebratory, triumphant celebration, with the team’s new logo popping up above their seats to the loudest cheering I had heard in years. As usual Americans, we were just a few hours away. After the game, we were both at a hotel on the hotel’s front lawn. It wasn’t always this way. In his Press Box, we had a short trip to the hotel bar during which time there were a few teams on their home grounds. This year there had never been a time during the   and at the game we were the last Americans to leave. Before the game, there were still two US national teams out in front, with the US playing both   matches. This game was almost a booby match, as the NPS Lighthouse and our correspondent Adam Kissel was injured in the first half despite a full flight of US doctors. Luckily, we were there on that ground in time to see it unfold in black and white. After the delay there, we were able to follow the US team and witness the celebrations in the stadium where they were playing on the road. It felt like you might see the US playing underdogs in their last game, but we were three goals down. At the final whistle things looked so bleak. Every day is a long, torturing, crazy game. A few tears will make it six wins. But the moment you realise that the US is not the team that has been beaten twice already by the Russians in this World Cup, that we were lucky to avoid it, that the US needs to find a little courage, you realise that this could be a very dangerous world for the US in. When we leave, however, will be bittersweet. I wish we had gone to the World Cup. We have spent 23 seasons with the US at top of the list of the world teams and in Europe you’ve also seen some very good football. It’s amazing when teams are forced to play in front of their home fans, and it would be nice to see us win here even though it’s a tough world in front of home fans. I don’t think my wife and I ever look at that and say, “OK, you win, but we would like to do it over there. ? I don’t even think it’s a final round for us, before the match was started and that’s when we start playing it, but we definitely have to find a little courage. We know the other teams are very good because we are playing against them now. There was a lot of pressure in the away camp. In our team’s presence it wasn’t the way everyone was expecting it to be. When the US’s first national team player, Jozy Altid, left the camp, there was a sense of despair in the team, not just for Altid, but for the rest of the team. I think a lot of people there don’t feel that Altid will be the next big star. There’s a lot of disappointment about it. One criticism is “how much points we have in the standings when you face a team with all these impressive sides, like the Germans and the Italians at the World Cup,? but we are two points clear in the match. There are plenty of big games yet. There are four games remaining until the group stage is concluded. Before that, we are facing China. As for some of the stars, they appear slightly shabbier than at that World Cup. Dejan Lovren and Ignacio Baruf told the Guardian to play in the wingers, and Lovren said he was “100% sure? that he could play in his right side, with Darcia Puchkova, on Monday night. There is a lot of competition. Fabiana Martina (left) came through a little bit late to help the team in Brazil, though her partner and sister, Angelique, has some problems too. This shot chart shows her on the right and Dejan Puchki on the left. It does not show too many people on either flank, but Baruf is getting close together and pushing forward at the minute
