======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 sit away while others seek to follow suit. The court also granted new lawyers at the time for their families and said the court did not need to hear a request for a temporary restraining order against her. The justices said for her to be allowed to file a petition for a temporary restraining order against Kushner in the midst of other potential litigation during the court s next term, she would need to show that the government has an overriding interest in keeping the status quo. The court also said Kushner will be required to disclose any potential attorney fees he has already incurred once a request is made. Kushner has said in court filings that the family plans to file its challenge against him but the government rejected the claim. In a brief order issued on Monday evening, the court said a decision to allow for Kushner s request is not imminent. The appeals court heard a similar request from the family of the third sibling in the case.  (Reporting by Susan Heavey in Washington and Matthew Lewis in New York; Writing by Eric Walsh, Stephen Bissimmond and James Oliphant; Editing by Peter Cooney and James Alford) This article was funded in part by SAP. It was independently created by the Reuters editorial staff. SAP had no editorial involvement in its creation or production.",<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Headline:"Trump's foreign policy advisors discuss U.S., Ukraine"
Content: "WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump and his top policy advisers exchanged messages on Monday on how to respond to Russian meddling in the 2016 U.S. elections and whether they will visit Moscow before the Nov. 8 vote.  I talked about Syria, I talked about the North Korea threat, I talked about Ukraine, and then we had a brief discussion concerning Ukraine and then we were able to conclude that we need more assistance from the U.S. in doing our job.  “We need assistance from the U.S. to do our job, and not just, as you know, with Russia, because that’s obviously a priority for the White House, we need assistance from the U.S. to do our job. So I had a good conversation with my Secretary (of State Rex Tillerson), and I think ... he mentioned he was getting quite friendly with Russian President Vladimir Putin and, secondly, I was very impressed with the relationship we have with the Russians. I think the Ukrainians will do very well with the U.S. and we’re going to get along greatly,” Trump told reporters after a summit with NATO’s secretary general, Jens Stoltenberg.  “We are, I can say, going to get to work on it, we are not going to say what we are going to do. We are talking and we are not going to talk. But when you look at the Ukrainians, they are getting along greatly with the U.S.,” he added.  He added that Trump and Tillerson are expected to meet next week in Turkey.  “And also we will have a great meeting with the Turks which we expected to be a long time ago and that was a great call,” he said, with Tillerson saying it is not possible to hold separate meetings at the White House.  ",<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Headline:Republicans fear Trump taxes could trigger recession: WSJ
Content: "WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Republican President Donald Trump and his fellow Republicans in Congress are deeply divided over tax reform in a deeply divided Congress, a Reuters/Ipsos opinion poll has shown. The poll, which has had a credibility interval, found just 1 in 10 Republicans believe Trump, who was elected president on Tuesday, will follow through on a promise to cut taxes for businesses and the wealthy. Republicans hold just three of the 100 U.S. House of Representatives seats and all 435 seats of the Senate. The results, compiled from interviews with more than 11,000 members of Congress, are likely to have a larger role in shaping Trump’s 2018 budget and possibly the legislative tool needed to roll back or reduce the tax breaks he has called for. The poll results were based on responses from 10,007 Americans and showed that roughly two dozen Republicans, including Trump, called for the House and Senate tax chambers to lower taxes for businesses and the wealthy or “the rich” to offset federal revenue losses. Trump has promised a big, big cut in taxes, and Republicans say they have no time to pass a tax and spending measure in an omnibus spending bill. In the House, some of Trump’s fellow Republicans say they will work hard to pass a bill before the Nov. 8 federal election after Trump has announced the U.S. economy. “Many Trump supporters believe it is time for tax cuts. This is not a time for small, baby steps,” they told Reuters. A House Democratic leader, Representative Sander Levin, told a
