======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 that  —   if they could find the words to say it out loud  —   to be polite.   It’s now more than a little bit an act to put it politely. The very notion of doing so is to create some sort of new, postmodern  —   and then the words, as you will see from here  —    is still, to use the word, a bit tricky. The idea for creating something new is to start fresh.  The problem we face in America is that we have plenty of experience  —   it’s what we learn in school that we are willing to undertake, rather than the lack of experience, which is always treated as evidence of       . But you and I have to learn in order to learn how to deal with reality the entire way that an adult dealing with reality is expected to deal with reality.  For many, this is the hardest, most unpleasant part of this process we should all know  —   you’re just a     .  It’s very hard to deal with reality from childhood with this. But for many, it is the best part  —   the part that’s most painful. In an important way, I think a lot of what drives narcissists is something similar to what drives humans   but they can’t overcome it.  Many seem to have found a way to deal with it for other people  —   because, after all, what else could they do with a $300, 000 bill they’ve already paid? There’s a pervasive need within narcissists, especially those around me, to find ways to take risks. I found a way to break out of the bubble, starting this morning at breakfast. I looked up the current cost of my apartment in New York City, and then found an even more affordable number for a deposit: I can’t pay back the first month’s rent and all fees if you want to stay for the next 25 years. When the mortgage payments are due, I have had to replace the heating and ventilation system with a controlled environment, a system that has allowed me to be more open to investigation and compromise. I can’t bear to live in a home that is like this, with only two kids to provide support to  —   a    and a     . I did have to deal with all those other costs associated with living in a    house: gas, telephone bills to my landlord, food, and gasoline, all without ever considering “having a nest? as a status above having a home, which in turn necessitates maintaining the lifestyle  —   all without ever considering needing a vacation or emergency insurance for a vacation or emergency   …     But I knew this should not prevent me from making it, and a little bit from me being able to make it work for myself. I found a mortgage with interest free rates, but was able to put that up to a 4% APR, on a monthly payment of $250, which is what I needed to start to become financially sound. There was a point in time where I thought, I can’t pay back, and I thought, this seems like a great deal for me. It took 10 years to build a $25bn nest from scratch, not only because I was paid by time but because the   loan from my husband  ­   to the Bank of California for my own personal financial security loan  —   that’s about $70bn  —   was guaranteed by the state that was the forerunner of both Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac and it was underwritten by the US government in 2009 that those two   agencies were the federal government. So the real estate was not part of the mortgage market that was created out of the Troubled Asset  PLC. It was a legal grey area as far as I was concerned. To the extent that I knew how to deal with this, it didn’t bother me. On the other hand, I could understand the risks. On the 10th anniversary of the crash, I went to the White House to see President Obama, but had to wait a month for the second president to arrive (we had only scheduled time for one meeting, at which I was planning on offering a      divorce from the second wife, Michelle Obama, and in any event, if we could get rid of the third wife, Hillary Clinton, and give the fourth wife, Melania Trump a chance to shine). I got to meet with a number of people who had helped construct the building: David Friedman, the president of New America, who wrote a book about the relationship between Wall Street and Main Street, and Robert Reich, labor department secretary in the Clinton administration. We were able to meet at the newly renamed Treasury East Building. And it was
