======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 sending two of his own (the other being a model) to join the line, to be matched at the bar with the lucky winner. The company is owned by the Chinese   Geely Group, the largest private equity firm in China. Its main business is in the electric utility sector, powering about 10 percent of China’s electricity generation capacity. Geely is perhaps best known in China for Geely Automobile, the luxury sports car company that won the 2016   of the Shanghai auto show. But Geely has a much deeper track record in the Chinese auto market, where it has invested heavily in    sales and marketing campaigns. While Geely has a small presence in the United States  —   it has no dealers in the United States  —   it has become America’s No. 1   automaker, thanks in large part to the Geely brand. Geely bought a controlling stake in Audi in 2013, when it was still part of Volkswagen, and it has invested heavily in brand development. Geely acquired Vmaross, the Italian luxury carmaker, in a deal that was reported in June to be in part financed by China’s richest person, Wang Jianlin, who at the time was the chairman of China’s Geely Group. China’s largest carmaker, China’s Geely, is owned by a Chinese   company, China  . The company has been in the market for a while, and China   officials were initially skeptical of the European market, which looked to be too    in the face of tougher regulations by the European Commission. With the departure of the Chinese car market’s chief, however, Geely has been left trying to figure out its footing. Its Chinese business is in many ways a hybrid of its American and European business, with the two   operating in different markets  —   the Geely brand in China and Geely Automobile in the United States. “In some ways it’s a hybrid, in some ways it’s not,? said Christian Siebold, the Geely business development executive. (Geely bought Vmaross in a private deal in June.) “The key for Geely is to develop an autonomous brand, and that means being a little bit more   with the new technologies  —    we can’t have everything. ? Geely began life as a German automaker that produced parts for Mercedes, BMW,   and     . But in 2012,   Geely pulled out of those markets to focus on its American    and   businesses. After the collapse of Geely’s brand, the Geely Group began a transformation, merging Volkswagen, which merged with Geely in 2014. In doing so, it became far the world’s 15th largest maker of   trucks and   SUVs. But Geely’s American and European brands were hurt as its vehicles went into the “evolving? phase, Ms. Siebold said. Geely invested heavily in marketing and brand development, in hopes of regaining some ground. Its goal, from the get go, is to have an    vehicle available in every market within a    2 ½ year time frame. That is a long shot, but Geely believes that it can make an impact. “The first half of 2015 was a tough year for us  —   the first half has always been difficult,? Geely’s chief executive, Adrian Lees, said at the company’s most recent annual meeting in Munich. Geely entered the American market on a   deal, for a     that will pay a total of about $12 billion. The deal also included Geely’s largest investment to date, $2. 6 billion in cash and a Geely share in any sale. Both deals took place just over two years ago, when Mr. Lees was still Geely’s chief executive. “I think we can do more, but it’s not for sale,? Mr. Lees said. “The American is in very good hands. ? Geely shares rose 20 percent in premarket trading on Friday, largely on expectations that the Geely deal would generate more than $1 billion in cash. That prompted Geely’s shares to surge 82 percent, closing at $6. 7 billion. That was before the surprise announcement by Michael Horn, the chief executive of Geely, on Sept. 14, that he would be leaving Geely for a new venture, according to data compiled by the research firm  . Geely also forecasted that it would sell an additional $1. 5 billion of its assets, an impressive performance even in a volatile economy like China, where the economy is expected to improve by 6 percent this year. The company, based in Singapore, is a big
