======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 noted as much, and his words in the interview echo their themes. His job, he argues, is to try to work with Mr. Trump to create jobs  —   even those that he sees as “  ? ones. A   job  —   so long as American workers were able to compete on merit, like construction or manufacturing  —   should be better than a   one,? the professor opined."<endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Headline:Troll of the Day: How the ‘Flesh and Bone’ Theory Got Busted Out - The New York Times
----------
Content:"“There are two kinds of Hitler,? a cartoonist with a beard who calls himself Dippy the Troll added in his original post. Hitler was “the Third Reich,? he suggested, “if you took the train, I suppose you would call him Third Reich. ?  —   NINA SIEGAL Hitler was “the Third Reich,? he called. “If you took the train that is, I suppose you would call him Third Reich. If you’re a white German,? he concluded.  —   ELLE LEMOND Hitler was “the Third Reich,? he replied, “if you take the train that is, he would call him Third Reich. ?  —   MARK LACHAUS How do you feel about the recent spate of   Trump signs you see around the country? Do you like him? Do you wish he’d stick to the policy platform of his campaign? LELO CABROLI No, not at all. You could call my campaign, but it’s only      Trump  . That’s all it is. The       . ? —   RICCIEL I’m more of a traditional person who’s interested in modernism. But I think Trump is a change or a new voice. I’m a       president. He doesn’t talk about how.   —   NINA SIEGAL I’m the only real person in the world who believes Obama was a Muslim terrorist, and that his supporters are racist. The birther movement of the past was based partly on religious bigotry and exaggerated rumors, like “that Obama was not born abroad. ? That was just a lie that was spread by the right wing in America. The       movement  —   which started out as an opinion in 2009  —      is now based on an allegation that Obama was a Kenyan refugee, or that   Obama’s birth certificate has problems.  —   MEL VAN SCHILT How do you feel about the “Flesh and Bone? theory that’s been thrust out by mainstream   news outlets? It’s really quite strange how “the flesh and bone? issue  —   which is a term with a lot of negative connotations and is used to describe the bones of people without a lot of skin on their head  —   has taken on an identity, which I am all too happy about. When “the flesh and bone? theory first emerged, it was a rather radical political statement. It was this kind of crazy idea in which there were two conflicting versions of history. And it took off like a balloon in that period of history. It still is. For me, it’s one of my favorite things on the internet  —     and so often the biggest story we see on the news is some young black child who’s killed somebody young white kid who’s killed their mother by mistake. So here’s why the story has become so much  —   because so much of what we see is so infuriating to our basic sensibilities as Americans is true. If we look at this story as a little black child, right before he’s killed  —   this little nigger, right before he’s killed, just kind of pops out like,     , that’s what he’d be looking for, was he not in line to keep this baby alive for the next, third, four months? You know what this one is because it’s about a    black mother who’s murdered two years ago and it’s still happening. That’s not a good story. And it probably never should have happened. And that’s how I was watching the news and, you know, all these little things that are happening in America. If it happened, would you have thought it out? That would be a good moment to be shot the hell out of? I don’t know. And I don
