======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 becoming’s already a serious,   concern. It’s not a matter of “is Trump running his business out of character?? The answer to that question is probably not “yes. ? In that way, Mr. Lonergan’s second feature, in which he chronicles Trump’s struggles with a foreign government, is an attempt to remind audiences that their president really is a man of grandiosity. In the second episode, the   mogul and   champion Billy Penn chided the president for being a “fraud? and that he was “on the verge to lose our country in just a few weeks? and that his claims to fame are “100, 000 more than fiction. ? In an incredibly quick turnaround from the first, the episode further demonstrates that Trump is still on the defensive —  one that he’s worked hard to avoid ever becoming a reality, if only because it’s the only way to keep people in his life in a way that doesn’t involve news stories and news shows. But despite playing him off as though other people may be getting bored, Lonergan’s work is actually quite good. If you’ve been paying attention to the coverage of the presidential election, you should feel pretty confident that the world will end one way or another one day soon —  some time in the middle of the 21st century. That confidence should feel a lot like the thrill of the ride.  "<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Headline:The Best   Movies and TV in 2016
----------
Content:"The Fall of the Sun, The Big Sick, A Guy Called Johnny
  A Few Years Ago, On September 30, 1962, the first edition of The New Yorker published a cover story written by Robert Thompson. Its premise: a mysterious man (in American terms, a guy named Robert Clark) dies, gets a    tumor and then comes up again in the magazine’s October 1962 issue, with a headline: “When I die, the first thing I don’t remember is how I died. ? The story of the man who learns about the cancer after passing, then, is that of a   dead man. Thompson’s story was so   in tone that the magazine ran the story under the word “died? as part of a short story describing another secret to death. That was the story, of course, that we know today —  about the man who, in his book, remembers the dead people who died. And so, over the course of the next 40 years, The New Yorker also chronicled another man who might live to see us all, in every way, if we were still living on Earth: the man who lived long before the man now living at the New Yorker. When Robert Thompson died in 1970 at age 83, he became known as the man whose funeral Mass was the best opera performance ever made, hands down. “That night, after I had taken a deep breath and let it go, I felt just like my soul’s longing was being satisfied,? Thompson told The New Yorker at the time. If the man’s first words are “When I die, the first thing I don’t remember is how I died,? his second words are “I don’t remember what happened. ? And his fourth word: “my soul is being satisfied. ? The New Yorker ran his story under the phrase “the secret to success,? along with the words “I have a tumor on my head. ? As that’s the last word you will learn, you’d better be grateful. The best movie of the year in cinemas might be Arrival. After a whirlwind filmography, the acclaimed and prolific director Michèle Bergé (The Thin Red Line, Birdman, A City by The Sea) directs the fourth entry in a long and highly impressive lineage of    films. The film, like many of the others in the ensemble, is a wonderful, and   film that is as thoroughly entertaining as it is strangely addictive.   is one of the few movies that can claim an actual masterpiece, and it’s a shame there aren’t more of them out there. Arrival is one of the scariest, most gripping   movies of 2016, but even without that particular cinematic moment as its backdrop, it is a beautifully made and interesting one. Arrival was nominated for the Oscar as well as for its superb directing performance as a brilliant, stylish thriller. If you like your horror entertainment with suspense elements or psychological thrill, this is the one horror movie you’d want right now. But the thing about his filmography is that he’s also one of the best   cinema creators of the past 25 years or so. And that’
