======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 White, a former assistant professor of medicine at the University of the West of England and a clinical epidemiologist who was also a member of the clinical trial’s advisory committee. The clinical trial was conducted among patients with severe psoriatic arthritis, patients who had not received a random treatment. Two hundred patients were randomly assigned over the course of four separate trials to receive one of 16 groups of   therapy of intravenously administered acupuncture gel, nisibut and other therapies, as compared with no treatment at all. None of the 16 groups underwent treatment for 15 days. The treatments were administered daily for eight weeks. All of the treatments were nonaddictively administered. The 16 programs were then split into treatment groups and, in addition, treated with supplements to each group. The results showed that both the supplements and the therapy alone had no benefit, but the two treatments were related in duration of symptoms, treatment type and effectiveness. The results also showed that the three supplements in each group had a beneficial effect, with the nisibut treatments having greater healing ability than the other treatments. A trial of eight   groups, which had the same eight trials, showed that four of them (four   groups who received 20mg of nisibut gel on average each day for eight weeks) did not cure most of the symptoms in the control arm of the trial. The results appear to be a consequence of the fact that the study was very small and therefore could not compare the therapy’s effects. The clinical trial was sponsored by the National Institutes of Health but also by the World Health Organization, the European Medicines Agency and the pharmaceutical industry. The   trials were conducted at a number of hospitals, universities and pharmaceutical companies, the results of which appeared to be very similar to the studies that had previously been done. In the original trial, the nisibut gel contained no actual medicinal products, and was taken to patients for 15 days each month for seven months. The results show no difference from the treatments described in the original trial. No significant difference between the one and eight weeks long courses of the gel was seen in the four studies being reported by The New York Times. There was no difference between the four groups which received the treatments and the two those which were not receiving the gel. But there was a significant difference between two   groups that received the gel. Three of the    groups did not cure at all  —   only 6 percent of the study, which was reported in The New York Times, which is written and edited by James B. Shea, the paper’s associate editor. The other six groups were able to cure their   groups, who also showed significant improvement, according to the findings. Although it is not clear if the study actually was comparing the nisibut or   treatment, the outcome of the clinical trial is likely to be similar, said Dr. Robert J. Fikes, an exercise physiologist, professor at Harvard University’s Department of   Medical Sciences and former chief of the New York City Department of Health and Mental Hygiene. “It was likely to be the same thing in the   group,? he said. “It doesn’t matter if it is the placebo or the real treatment. Both are equally likely to be the same. ? The study on the nisibut gel is still being taken by the trial committee, but in the meantime, Dr. Shea said that people could use it to improve health at home, just as it was designed to keep people going long term. “It may provide relief or help with stress,? he said. According to the study findings and the trials of previous studies in people, acupuncture treatment, as discussed in the original trial, improved physical endurance and reduced symptoms of arthritis, and that when the treatments were combined they improved psychological and sociodemographic variables such as anxiety, depression and sleep.   participants also had greater muscle strength and endurance compared with the control group. Both studies, conducted only one month apart, were approved by the New York State State Department of Health, and only one study was approved for use in New York for the first trial, a case in which a pill to treat arthritis, an expensive treatment, was approved. However, Dr. Shea said that the trial involving only people with mild psoriasis that he conducted in 2011 could still provide benefits, while one involving people with arthritis that occurred in the last few years has changed little. “Our knowledge is slowly moving past that of this trial,? he said. He added that some studies that had been designed to improve outcomes had not adequately accounted for the possible placebo effect. He said the most important issue for consumers was the choice of treatment. He said that the standard treatment for everyone involved seemed to take advantage of the fact that people were free of psoriasis, and doctors said they thought the treatment might offer protection. Dr. Shea said the FDA was not involved, but the agency is reviewing the case.
