======== SAMPLE 1 ========
, and he himself is not the   man his supporters often’ve told me. But that does not diminish the man’s moral decency, either. “You can be the worst critic anywhere, but you can’t ever get your head around to the moral dimensions of a Trump situation,? he told me. “You can be the worst politician on Earth, but you can’t be the worst American. ? If the goal of   is to understand Trump’s reality, and to understand the problems he’s going to face, he seems to lack for anything beyond moral persuasion, in other words. “There’s a lot of shame in the sense that Trump is a very poor man, and there is shame in the sense that he made Donald Trump,? said one young woman who’s   in the business world. “There is shame in the idea that the president is going to put America first. ? Those same   people are likely on the other side of the country, too. If the goal is to understand Trump’s reality, it’s tempting to look not where his policy prescriptions come from, or where his personality stands on their priorities. But, according to   experts, those two aspects of Trump’s political agenda are far less likely to be on the agenda. It may not be on the agenda at all, but there are plenty of   and Trump loyalists in the American capital who are happy for Trump to keep some of the   prescriptions he’s got. And it may even be easier to argue for political progress in the last days. The last day, the president was able to do it by promising that he wouldn’t negotiate for a nuclear deal, and he’d finally get to put himself behind the lectern, if not by getting the country together to fight him on his policies."<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Headline:How the Trump White House Fails to Address Trump’s Concerns About Its Failure
----------
Content:"Trump’s   on Charlottesville, Virginia’s failure to speak to the truth, the real problems of yesterday, and how Trump could fail the presidency by failing to address any of the biggest questions about the past week. The Trump administration’s attempts to find a bipartisan way forward are still imperfectly enough to suggest a   outcome for the GOP. While there is no doubt that we’ve let too many people get away with reckless, destructive, and unwise action, Donald Trump has to be given a much tougher pass. The president needs to show he can handle the consequences. And on Monday morning, at an event at the Republican Jewish Coalition, the president’s staff tried to give the president an extended pass and tried to salvage his presidency. What Did The Trump Administration Actually Deal With ISIS? “There’s a larger problem in today’s American economy,? said one senior Republican. “There are huge, huge deficits here on the horizon. We’re coming out of that a little bit early. ? In the past five weeks, the administration has faced mounting chaos in a complex way: In the wake of Friday’s tragedy, they’ve had to be worried what’s going on in the rest of the country. According to White House officials, the administration will likely be running out of things, and will “need? to come up with an emergency blueprint for what the next few days are going to be. The White House’s aides, who have been around for this whole week, are running through the administration’s legislative agenda, trying to figure out where the administration might be in the coming months. Many are skeptical of what they can achieve and whether there can be the kind of leadership the president needs at the White House. The idea is that Trump would be a little more vulnerable to the possibility of the presidency working out better than he is, whether the White House would be in a better position to fulfill its promises, or whether there isn’t any point in trying. The Trump administration is also having a hard time of determining how to handle the loss of manufacturing jobs that came with the rise of global trade. Some people within the White House say there are some key areas in which Trump has the advantage. They have begun working around the government’s failures by trying to persuade Congressmen’s to do what Trump promised, and the administration is struggling to find more than 20, 000 companies on the table to meet those targets. The administration is working to move on. It’s the most successful aspect of the president’s job he hopes will improve. If he succeeds, he hopes to restore enough momentum to push the    movement and to restore his Republican Party’s fortunes. The White House, meanwhile, has seen the  
