======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 in the late 1980s, including an   deal last December that saw Lockheed Martin build a $100 billion aircraft carrier. “Lockheed Martin and Boeing are the main suppliers of engines for the Navy,? said Thomas J. Rowland, then the Pentagon’s under secretary of defense for policy, and a retired lieutenant general under Mr. Gates. “The Navy’s aircraft are supplied by Lockheed Martin. ? General Electric “has been a   partner with Lockheed Martin for decades,? said Jeffrey W. Grenheim, the executive vice president for the company. “As a result, we are very strong advocates of the benefit that Boeing is providing to the defense industry and U. S. commercial aviation,? he said. General Electric “has committed to making significant investments in its facilities in India and to help American industry meet the increased demand from the Indian government, and to provide free technology support to military aircraft companies that have achieved milestone deliveries,? Mr. Grenheim said. Boeing was quick to criticize General Electric. Boeing said in a statement, “General Electric has been inconsistent in its commitments to the United States’ aerospace industry and to the Indian aerospace industry. ? The company also criticized General Electric, saying its work on the C. I. A. program had “little or no contribution? to the aerospace industry, and that it had made “false or misleading claims? about Boeing’s work to meet its orders. And Boeing said it was quick to withdraw the initial deal that led the company to bring Lockheed Martin’s plane, the Hawker Hurricane, to Barrow, Alaska. Boeing said its work in India was a response to what it said were inadequate safeguards in place in the United States. “In recent years, due to the development of stealthy aircraft, U. S. defense officials have tightened export controls to protect United States defense industry and U. S. defense contractors,? the company said in the statement, adding that it intended to increase its contributions to the aerospace industry. Lockheed Martin and Boeing signed a “significant milestone? licensing agreement for the C. I. A. program in 2015, the company said. The deal, which was expected to cost taxpayers around $6 billion, included the development of a new plane, the Boeing 787 Dreamliner, and the production of 200 aircraft for McDonnell Douglas. The deals “were done with speed and precision,? Lockheed Martin spokesman Tom W. Williams said, adding that the company “acted fairly and aggressively in enforcing our export controls. ? Boeing also said that General Electric “acted fairly and aggressively? in pursuing its deals. “For Boeing and General Electric, the decision to pursue licensees was based on their ability to meet our full cost and schedule commitments,? Boeing said in the statement, adding that it had “many discussions? with foreign companies before making the commitments. Still, Boeing and General Electric said that the progress that Boeing and G. E. had made in achieving the C. I. A. milestones was “nothing short of miraculous,? Boeing said. “For Boeing and General Electric, there was nothing short of miraculous to bring the milestone goals to reality,? the company said. Mr. Grenheim said the company was “satisfied? with the outcome of the meeting between Mr. Tillerson and Mr. Singh. “The two men have clearly made enormous progress,? he said, “and while there is much that still needs to be done,? Mr. Grenheim said that General Electric’s deal with Boeing “made great improvements in the overall progress of that deal and the overall delivery of a significant number of Boeing missions. ? The American company has been working with Indian aerospace companies for decades Mr. Bharara, the United States attorney in Manhattan, has been leading the C. I. A. since 2015 and Mr. Gurley, former United States attorney for Minnesota, has been overseeing the company’s global business and payments. Boeing’s chief executive, Dennis, was brought on in 2015 by the previous administration as a vice president for aviation and chief executive officer, helping to turn the company’s   efforts into a    effort to win the world’s largest contract with the United States. For Lockheed Martin and Boeing, the deal appears to be all the new business they need to start making bigger deals, given that their orders are already in jeopardy at the Federal Aviation Administration. On Monday, Boeing and Lockheed Martin said they would suspend plans to build fighter jets to replace the company’s aging fleet of Boeing aircraft. It announced its decision on Monday that Boeing had lost an effort to win regulatory approval to begin building the jets in June. The announcement was a surprise to Boeing and Lockheed Martin, which had known the company would win the tender. Boeing, which did not announce the loss, said in a statement that “unlike other bidders, Boeing will continue to participate in this
