======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 algorithms to improve the quality and performance of the image, as well as the visual representation of images. The results are, as a theoretical physicist would, “exhilarating?. And they are impressive: images have the same spatial and temporal resolution as the best pictures of human speech, using the fastest optical sensors as part of a system called Fourier optics. The camera captures images in bursts of about 60 seconds, and the brain scans each image. The researchers believe this will give them a more accurate and reliable understanding of what a person is thinking or doing. “The problem is this vision is so sensitive to different stimuli,? says Kranz. “But this is a huge leap forward. “Now, let’s start to investigate how we can use these technologies to bring about a better understanding of human consciousness. ? The project is funded by the Pulitzer   Fund, and will not only study the human psyche but will also explore the possibility of artificial intelligence. Researchers have already used computers to play chess but have yet to make a similar attempt, which means they cannot learn a lot about human minds. That’s where their machine comes in. A recent article by MIT’s Computer Vision Laboratory has found that a computer program is capable of understanding the meaning of about 1 million words, the content of 5, 000 phone numbers, and the location and direction of the origin of the image seen by the viewer. But, said Kranz, “Words are not the only languages we can speak about. There are huge resources in these resources which are very difficult for computers to interpret. ? For another group, he added, “In order to teach human computer scientists how to use the optical system we’ll be able to use computers to interpret how a person is thinking in terms of visual representation. ? “This will start us on that path, and it’s hard to get a sense of human consciousness,? Kranz adds. Kranz thinks that more research into the tools needed to study consciousness is needed than what the computer can create. “This is such a breakthrough, and it is a huge leap forward,? he admits. “There’s so much knowledge we need to do. It’s a world that’s been built to be better. ?  Kranz hopes to get an advanced prototype to the world of VR, with a goal of creating an ultimate platform for those who want to see a whole differently to anyone else. This is a bold move. The human mind is so fragile it’s often taken for granted. To start off a career with that, Kranz needs to build a basic understanding of how the brain works, which for neuroscientists alone it’s not feasible. The next goal is to establish a basic mental approach, the key to becoming the future, which he intends to be built at NASA’s Jet Propulsion Lab (JPL). “This is the starting point, but we’ll continue to look for ways to work on the brain in the hope of creating an ultimate device,? he says. “With the funding that’s just coming out, we may get a little closer, if we’ve got enough money. ?"<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Headline:A New York Times profile of Donald Trump’s secretary of state: what’s he doing?
----------
Content:"New York real estate mogul Donald Trump is making news in politics for all of his life, including his   divorce and his alleged abuse of the US press. His name is Donald Jr. and he doesn’t seem to have his dad around the country as much. The two first met in 2003, when Trump took over as the Republican nominee for New Jersey governor by calling the state’s governor to ask him to “take away the bad and keep the good? with his son.  For months he’s been the “Trump kid? and as a fundraiser he’s surrounded by the press. He looks like his dad. “Trump wants us to be leaders of the free world and he doesn’t feel like he’s in a position to do so. ? What have you done? I have great hopes for the future of Donald Trump. He has a fantastic education, he’s intelligent, he was a great player as a player, he’s a great businessman, I think his father will do very well. He’s only 5 years younger than me, my dad is 55. And his mother came from a famous family.  He has great character and temperament. He’s a good person. Someone who’s not corrupt. “Donald is the best. I am the worst. Donald is my cousin. ? “Donald is a little racist,, Hillary’s a little
