======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 game, the only thing standing in the way is Mr. Lassa. (Lassa knows the answer to the question.) You can read the entire thing here. We also have a discussion on the Huffington Post here and here. Follow our live story here. Here’s the full exchange: Senator Elizabeth Warren of Massachusetts pressed Mr. Lassa after a hearing Wednesday into the “underwear business,? in the hope of establishing which of his creations, including the new book “Underwear,? might be included in the Library of Congress, and what about the others? “Well, I hope you can answer that,? Mr. Lassa replied. The request appeared to be on track in the days it took for the senator to prepare the request. Mr. Lassa was in the middle of the review of a book he made, “The Subversively Subversive: Gender and Politics in the Modern World. ? In one of the book’s sections, Mr. Lassa wrote of “the female, male, straight   model? who  —   “I think one would ask the   male?  —   wore a dress in the lingerie scene. Mr. Lassa’s book included a photo essay he did with the actress, Catherine Keener, that was published in the book. That photo essay, published last year, described her as “obsessed with a particular brand of   lace and wanted to find out everything about the lingerie set that she was wearing that night in the bedroom. ? Ms. Keener responded by asking Mr. Lassa, “Well, do you not think it showed under a dress?? Mr. Lassa replied that he had been taken aback by the question, but that it indicated “the kind of work a woman can do in the fashion world. ? At this point, Mr. Lassa, a Harvard graduate and the author of the “Underwear? blog, appeared to be getting a bit exasperated, though he seemed to have no trouble returning to the topic. “My point is they are doing an honor to a great man, and I really want you to know why,? Mr. Lassa said before ending the conversation. What did you think of the Senator’s request to see and examine the collection of clothing and accessories he has created?  Mr. Lassa asked a member of the Senate Finance Committee, Senator Orrin G. Hatch of Utah, to bring the items in. As the senator has shown us numerous times, he is as   as these lawmakers are, but in what appears to be an effort to curry favor with the committee, he included a note from Mr. Hatch that he and his wife had just dropped off their children. The items in question are the   pieces that come in the form of the “Underwear Collection,? which are organized by categories, including jewelry and handbags. “A collection? is written in big serif fonts. A group of photographs captures the various styles of clothing that is in the collection. Some of the items fall into certain categories, like a leather shirt, knit top or knit skirt sweater. Others  —   like sport coats and jeans  —   have very little interest in showing up. Mr. Lassa’s intention seemed clear. He wanted them all to see the clothing, and to see how they would react in real life when people wore “their thing. ? Mr. Lassa went on to ask the senator to review items he had not yet seen, like a blazer he had made for himself. The senator gave him the opportunity to view items, to his delight, and Mr. Lassa was excited that he had seen their items for the first time. He said that he saw “a good balance? between the men’s style and the women’s, and that, Mr. Lassa noted, he would have worn a lot of the women’s clothing, too. Ms. Keener asked what they shared and the lassa replied that they were “really interesting to have. ? Ms. Keener noted that Ms. Keener had seen Mr. Lassa’s collection for the first time. “My daughter will be surprised,? he replied. “She’s gotten to be really smart as she is and when I see that, I don’t want her to think differently about something after that because she will start talking to a certain level. ? Mr. Lassa said that the clothing designers were surprised by his “lifestyle style?    and “appreciated how thoughtful he was. ? In contrast, Ms. Keener said that the   style represented what they saw. That is in a way the essence of what makes an object to be interesting. After Mr
