======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 dignity were more likely to have been created by political or social conditions more likely to have been eliminated by politics or social conditions or   conditions,? said Leslie G. Greenberg, a University of Chicago economist. “It’s the  nature of the market and of the people in general. ? “There’s a lot that goes on behind the scenes,? Mr. Greenberg added. “It’s not the business we were talking about. It’s what’s happening now in the political system. But in terms of overall political changes, it’s the political system, and it’s in the face of increasing political opposition. ? The question of how much influence the market has in shaping people’s choices is crucial to the political economy of a market economy. A market economy produces an   outcome in terms of the quality of goods and services produced. It produces a good number of jobs. It fosters   attitudes toward political candidates. It is linked to the degree and variation of happiness found in different people. It has been a difficult question to resolve. “People have traditionally regarded markets as the best market,? said Michael Woodford, director of public policy at the University of California, Irvine, and chair of a committee that is conducting the Stern study. “We are in a period of massive market failure here, and we really need to learn a lot about whether our social democracy depends on the welfare of the people. ?"<endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Headline:Russia’s Invasion of Crimea Is Part of a Tremendously Routing Strategy - The New York Times
----------
Content:"MOSCOW  —   Russia’s brazen invasion of the Crimea region of Ukraine has been a problem for the West ever since Russia annexed Ukraine’s territory in March 2014. There were few signs that the Crimea seizure would be a turning point in a series of brazen, opportunistic Russian moves to reassert power and bolster power abroad. For the Kremlin, the goal of Crimea  —   and its broader reach across the Eurasian land mass  —   is still very much about keeping Vladimir V. P. Putin’s   Russia strong and safe. “What we can see from events in Western Ukraine is a lot of talk about how there is Russia in Syria,? Dmitri S. Peskov, the Russian president, said in a recent interview, defending the annexation. But Russia isn’t interested in trying to secure dominance on the international stage. Last month, Russia responded in kind by joining what it called the “coalition of the will of the people of Crimea? in calling for an international political solution by which everyone would participate including “people who are part of political organizations. ? On Wednesday, just two months before President Trump and his top aides met this week to discuss issues like North Korea, Mr. Peskov reiterated Russia’s commitment to the   deal on which it has signed agreements with the European and American governments. “Of course, we will always pay the obligations of our guarantor,? Mr. Peskov said, adding, “we can’t conceal our attitude. ? After the meeting of Security Council leaders ended, and the American and European Union representatives started their day, Russia responded by inviting the U. S. and other countries under a   agreement to a major summit meeting with Mr. Putin in Sochi last week. At the end of the summit meeting, there were not many participants, and when the clock ran out, Mr. Trump and Mr. Xi  —   with the support of Prime Minister Shinzo Abe of Japan  —   traveled together to Kaliningrad, a strategic region near the North Pole. They signed a deal and sent it on Wednesday to Mr. Putin in a show of good will and warm relations. Mr. Trump, an avid sportsman praised for his   lifestyle, was not an attendee. Before the summit meeting, the Russians told reporters that they had “lented? about $ 1 billion a year in loans to the U. S. government in the first five years of the agreement. The Russians also vowed to continue providing all the Russian debt they would need to reach their goals, including three years of bonds in Russia, more than $50 billion of financing in total over the lifetime of the agreement, and other benefits in exchange for the rights to the land and the oil. “By joining? Russia’s Eurasian Union, Russia hopes to improve its chances in the N. S. L. but it hopes to be able to do so despite the economic, political, and security challenges that confront Russian elites after years of economic sanctions. Yet the political tensions in Russia over Ukraine are also the result of lingering rivalries within the elite. To continue Russia’s efforts to extend its influence in Europe, the elite in Moscow fears that it
