======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 the author, the film director Jon Williams, who is working on a documentary about Williams about Mr. Ellison called “The People and the Grapevine,? said that the artist’s life should be “historically and artistically rich. ? He said that even before he met Mr. Ellison, he had wondered if he would inspire young artists to make art. “In the process,? Mr. Williams said, “I think the American experiment has been a success. ? Mr. Ellison said that “the film and the book changed my life. ? “I had never been in the theater, and this was as exciting,? he said, referring to his upcoming project, “In a Green Night. ? “It was a kind of theater for me, and it was for me. ? His introduction to Mr. Ellison, he said, began as a shock when his grandmother died. “When I saw this huge television on   lights, I said to myself, ‘This is amazing. ’? He then said, “And to her, ‘This is crazy. ’? That was a few years ago. In the two decades since, his sense of the world had shifted. His work was large, noisy and emotional. Here, in edited excerpts, he talks about making a splashy film, starting small, what it was like to make his image on the   and his work in the public eye. 1. Was the film “Moonlight,? or “12 Angry Men? ?  How did the script come together and what did you initially want from it? As a young boy, when I was growing up, I would ask my grandmother if she wanted to make a film about her grandfather. She would say yes, but we’d never make a film about her. And so one day I said, ‘Maybe, but I’ve had this idea for a lot of years, and I’ll just kill myself. ’? (She put the script in the box.) Then, something clicked for me and I said, ‘What if I make a movie about this situation instead?? And the question stuck with me, and I thought it must be true. And so I made the film. And made a lot of mistakes, but it came together remarkably well. And it wasn’t commercial, and the film sort of developed into a critically acclaimed phenomenon, which it was before ‘Moonlight. ? I don’t think anyone would have seen it the same way it saw “12 Angry Men. ? But you could have been a set for a bad film in “Moonlight,? maybe. Maybe you can imagine the script was turned into a play the very next year. People did see the play. And so it was an incredible tool for them in seeing how black and Latino communities are actually represented on the silver screen. And I think the show changed a lot of people’s attitudes and changed a lot of people’s perceptions of the country. I think that for me personally, it was a kind of   act because I was making a living off of making films and I wanted to be, and I wanted people to see my work in a context. And that made me think, ‘What surrounds me, and behind me, and how do I relate to that, and how can I influence others to make this movie? ’? I think that the film gave me the kind of exercise as an artist just making my own work. And I was seeing that the world was looking at my work, and seeing what I had to say, in turn thinking, ‘He says something important. ’? I think that was a real thing. That was part of the process. I think I was able to take something that was a critique or a challenge or a problem and turn it into something that I wanted to do. And that led to the next step: the next step: doing film. And in the   to doing the show, that led to the next step: writing the show. So I learned a lot from taking a lot of risks. And from the experience I had making the film, that helped shape the show and the characters. I think that if I had made the show exactly the way I wanted to make it, or I think I should have made it, it might have been quite a different result. But the thing that really worked for me was to not make it what I want it to be. I made it by trying to get it right the first time. I think the only way I know how to do it is if I make it right the first time. Maybe I wasn’t successful the first time. But the lesson I learned and the experience I got from making the show was if you stick with it, if you shoot it and make it, you see what it is and don’t try to force
