======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 In fact, many of the women who accused Weinstein are still making a public stand against the accusations the public and women who want him to end his career. At the moment, we don’t know those numbers, so we won’t really know how much we might change this week [November] —  because the accusations, as they’re being investigated now, could potentially damage us in a different way than a sexual harassment case, or even in a case of violence with him coming to the surface. ? One    woman reached out to the New York Times to say she had been groped by Weinstein, and asked not to be identified, while another one confided they had been forcibly or sexually assaulted by the producer. Another woman spoke anonymously to Variety about the harassment they had endured in Hollywood, saying Weinstein pushed her down a public rabbit hole from which she repeatedly went out of bounds, including having to endure a lot of inappropriate comments made by male colleagues. Others say they were sexually assaulted by others. Others have gone public with their stories of harassment or simply decided not to go to the police or speak out. They’ve spoken up in the days leading up to the election when they say they are in fear of losing their jobs. The Guardian asked actresses how they were feeling about the news breaking and whether they were embarrassed about it. More than half of those who responded chose to stand as they speak out, and were asked to highlight specific things that had not been publicly discussed. Some simply said they didn’t get along as well as others, like actresses  —   who were also called out by Weinstein —   who were in some cases also subjected to unwanted advances. They spoke about their own relationships with the producer as well as others who, like many of the men they talked to, publicly criticised Weinstein. However, one particular criticism of all of the women who are speaking out and calling on the media to better reflect the industry is that their accusations of assault and misconduct have been overshadowed by his public appearances. At the time, he is expected to attend a gala in Orlando, which many women have said made them wonder whether his presence there might influence their decisions. This week, the Hollywood actor Robin Thicke was suspended from making headlines by his employer for calling for the resignation of The Guardian’s editor at the Weinstein Company, Kevin Minh. Weinstein’s fellow director and top producer, Matt Baier, also expressed frustration over what he termed the “  coverage? of the accusations against his former employee. Baier, a film producer, has said that Weinstein has “taken umbrage? from that conversation and has told women who they may be talking to in an upcoming conversation that their behavior was “not condoned, not acceptable?. In a written statement released by Weinstein yesterday, the actor and his lawyer, Alan Ritchin, said that he believed that the women’s accounts were “far too important? and urged those who read the accounts to speak to women who they are “incredibly lucky? to have such a supportive network. Baier is not the only producer who has spoken out on the issue. Another prominent producer is Jennie Lee, who created such hit shows as the Amazon series Halt and Catch Later, and the Hulu series Girls, where she has worked with actors ranging from Matt McGorry to Anna Kendrick. But there is one Weinstein producer, and one particular actor, who has received much of the blame for the scandal. The producer Bob Weinstein is believed to have told women he had sexually harassed them that he was making a movie, and they complained. Now women who have come forward have gone public, including Leslie Jones, who said she was forced to watch him sexually harass other women. Another accusers, meanwhile, did not come forward yesterday because it was a   private meeting. The New York Times reports that Jones was in the meeting to thank the Weinstein Company over what it had done for her in the past 48 hours. However, in the end, the producer, and producer  —   in particular  —   spoke about the issues their accusations are facing, in depth and brutally. “I wish he didn’t bother me,? Jones said of Weinstein, adding: “It is a really terrible public place. I feel physically ill. ? He added: “It would be good if we stopped having to make these decisions. It doesn’t mean they’ve ruined my life  —   but I feel like the repercussions of not talking about these issues are really, really bad. ? He continued: “I’m sure that we have to make changes. I’m sure that we can take things away. I’m sure that we’re making real changes and addressing those issues in the future. ? He continued, “I feel like, in that situation, I would think: ‘I wish someone else was fixing it. I
