======== SAMPLE 1 ========
. These men and women  —   often the children of immigrants  —   have been told they will live in comfort and safety on one of the island’s islands  —   but that is not always what tourists can experience. “The government doesn’t really get the impression that it cares about the welfare of the islands,? said Michael Browner, executive director of the nonprofit Center for the Education of Hawkins Kids. “Hawaii is a place we have pride in. It is a place where we can go and experience everything and make sure to ask questions about our islands when we go to Hawaii. ? Hawaii is a popular destination for   visitors for many different reasons. Many, including tourists and locals, have said the State is the best place to see the islands. “One of the biggest draws,? the governor said, “with our kids playing a game of marbles on the Ke's Koa lagoon there, with our girls playing in the lagoon and looking on, and people can actually see people taking care of the island. ? He said this was a way for tourists to learn more about the islands and about the politics in the State House. And as the governor took a break from preparing to go, Mr. Noda of Hawaii took time to address what he called “a deeply troubling trend among many tourists. ? “Many, many   tourists,? he said, “go on vacation for five or 15 months,? taking their Hawaiian names. “They realize that the politics of   can stay and they think they are going to be able to see the islands. ?"<endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Headline:How Much Do You Know About ‘The Intern?? ’Tillerson and Sales of ‘Fox and Friends? - The New York Times
----------
Content:"One report a week, it’s “Fox and Friends. ? So began the morning’s news, and with good reason: It was “the best show on television. ? But it turns out that it was a little too best for Fox, which, despite its best efforts, knew enough to not call a national anchor on Sunday to complain about President Trump’s    immigration crackdown. The show, which had no shortage of   coverage, was broadcast on Friday at 6 a. m. and a guest on Fox’s 5 a. m. shows. The guest, Sean Hannity, had been criticized for, among other things, not praising Mr. Trump’s recent immigration orders, which he did several episodes ahead of the inauguration. The report drew broad attention to Mr. Trump’s   Twitter activity the week after his inauguration. As a journalist, Mr. Yiannopoulos has a strong following, and his views on immigration have frequently been on the defensive. It is a niche, and not entirely accurate, to say that Mr. Trump has been an unmitigated disaster. Mr. Trump is a popular president of the United States. But Fox, which was quick to play down his   and talk about his policies the week he was president, seemed surprised to witness his rise. That’s a long time ago, to the time when the United States was a highly politicized place like the rest of the world for the broadcast network, and, by extension, Fox has always seemed much more likely to spend an   than most other news channels. “Nobody is talking about the fact that this president came to office with enormous popular support,? an     Mr. O’Reilly told Mr. Hannity shortly after the interview began. “That’s not even in the forefront. It’s the fact that Donald J. Trump has actually done much more damage to America than almost any other president in modern history, perhaps including Richard Nixon, if you get the right people around him. ? Mr. Hannity then turned to Jared Kushner, Mr. Trump’s   and senior adviser, and told him he should know “how difficult it is to work with him. ? “Jared, I don’t blame you directly,? Mr. Hannity continued. “I’m sorry, sir. I should have been here in Washington, and I was there right before the election. ? In an interview that aired Sunday, Mr. Kushner said that it took him by surprise to find all those reporters covering his father, Ronald, Jr. still alive, on the night of his marriage to Ivana Trump. Mr. Kushner, in his television interview, said that Mr. Trump’s attitude on immigration seemed “very different from a lot of people who are now on the other side. ? The interview is the first time Mr. Kushner has appeared on a   news show, and it was a surprise to him. He was surprised by “how passionate people were
