======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 a conference call with senior U.S. officials, where Trump vowed to cut red tape and negotiate on trade deals and the North American Free Trade Agreement. (Reuters) - The U.S. federal government on Tuesday canceled a planned $2.3 billion in military spending, a department spokesman said, amid a push among some Pentagon officials to increase the defence and national security spending. The plan, which was set to expire at the end of the fiscal year ending in September, sought to give the Trump administration a deadline to make a decision. It did not specify exactly how it would happen. Last month, the Defense Department had proposed cutting a full $2.8 billion in funding for the Department of Defence to maintain the fleet of two Air Force F-35 Joint Strike Fighters as part of a buyout of several weapons programs. On Wednesday, a senior administration official said an announcement would likely come at the end of April. Pentagon officials did not comment on Tuesday as the Pentagon considers whether to keep the F-35 purchase process open. The F-35 jets can carry the Joint Strike Fighters in place and operate in full, making them the most powerful fighter aircraft the Pentagon has ever purchased. The jets have been the most frequently used U.S. fighter in Afghanistan and elsewhere, with more than 2,600 of them built. The Trump administration has promised an $89.9 billion acquisition of fighter jets, including two Lockheed Martin F-35. ",<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Headline:"U.S. judge holds public meeting of Supreme Court justices to discuss Gorsuch"
Content: "WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A U.S. judge in an appeals court in Washington held a public meeting on Friday to discuss Supreme Court nominee Neil Gorsuch and some senators about President Donald Trump’s Supreme Court pick, the chief Justice has said. Judge Robert L. Brignoni, in a three-page ruling, said President Trump will also nominate Merrick Garland, a federal appeals court judge from the Fifth and 10th Circuits, who has been nominated by Trump. Garland is currently standing for a seat on the 9th U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia, where he was appointed.  Brignoni said he heard from both the Democratic and Republican leaders who would discuss the case, including Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell and Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy. The Senate confirmed Garland on Wednesday by a vote of 71-70, meaning the Senate confirmation would take place on Thursday, when a vote is scheduled. The Senate Judiciary Committee said it would consider the Justice Department and other nominees on Friday, and Senate leaders have indicated they favor an announcement by the end of the year this week. The hearing was part of a six-hour period of hearings and the Senate Judiciary Committee is seeking testimony on the nomination of the court’s chief justice. On Wednesday, Jeff Sessions, Trump’s attorney general, announced he would be the No. 3 Justice for a long time until the Senate confirms his deputy, Rod Rosenstein. Senate Republicans are expected to try to end a filibuster. That will have to be overturned by the Senate.  The top appeals court on the court was the 7th Circuit Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia. On Monday, that branch of the court held a hearing on his nomination under a court ruling. The Court decided it wanted to continue that hearing to debate the use of a federal appeals court rule in which Gorsuch was the plaintiff in a case. The justices had previously ordered the government in 2015 to make certain that it could seek a ruling on such a case, but the court ruled the government had not been allowed to do so because of a ruling in 2011 that its claims in his original claim could be denied. The appeals court then said that in 2015 it could issue a ruling, and it did a hearing on that appeal in October 2016. The Court later said it would issue a ruling on the issue in 2016 and a   final order  in December.  The Supreme Court has not ruled on a case initiated by the federal government. Justice Clarence Thomas, one of the justices responsible for the court’s liberal wing, has praised the court’s reasoning in striking the lower court’s decision. “I’m all for the court’s decision and would like to see that happen with the case,” said Thomas, who is a court critic with his own sister.    ",<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Headline:Iraqi troops recapture eastern Mosul from Islamic State
Content: "BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Iraqi army troops seized an eastern city from Islamic State militants on Friday after several hours, military sources said, days before U.S.-led forces were due to withdraw. Nineveh was one of the last urban strongholds in eastern Iraq after a string of reversals by the Iraqi government last week.  The operation was likely to weaken the positions
