======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 against President Trump. Trump’s new executive order calls for increasing Customs and Border Patrol agents and hiring more employees to round up migrants crossing the U. S. border from Mexico, using private agents to arrest “unlawful entry? and conduct “prevention and detection actions? —  actions that are often employed only when agents encounter migrants with guns drawn or in some cases, carrying handcuffs. And “such actions shall be carried out with respect to the presence of drug and weapons at the entrance, including tear gas or other gas, and as appropriate, other appropriate munitions and equipment. ? (There is no evidence to support this.) And the order also asks the Border Patrol to “produce a weekly report of the United States Customs   Patrol agents who cross the United States border at the border and include statistics on all deportations being conducted at the border, including those to the custody of the Department of Homeland Security. ? I asked about the possibility that a Trump administration can reverse an illegal entry across the border, and the report says no; at least not as yet. “The Department has not found any credible evidence of a security breach. ? This was news to anyone in the Border Protection who is familiar with the issue: In 2013, Border Patrol agents apprehended hundreds of thousands of   aliens along the Mexico border. But these agents are acting against people who don’t want to or need to be deported. In an October 2015 report, a Border Patrol sergeant said the vast majority of illegal entries into United States borders from Mexico by Mexicans “were of no concern to the agents involved,? and the issue was “overrun by migrants rather than security. ? In 2016, 11 years after deportations began, only 17 percent of apprehended,   migrants were charged with being in the United States illegally. If an officer had detected some kind of illegal activity —  such as physical intrusion, or the unauthorized movement of narcotics —  that officer would “tolerably stop the entry of those entering from the countries of citizenship,? according to the report. When it came to how serious a case the Border Patrol needed to make, the report suggests serious questions will be asked. If a threat were made to Americans —  say, from ISIS or the Taliban —  should CBP agents think things out, decide how to close the border, and decide whether it should be closed? If there were terrorists plotting to disrupt Americans, it is hard to imagine a CBP officer wondering what possible leverage could be gained. This issue is one of many on which Trump has boasted, falsely or otherwise, of “extreme vetting? —  and also one of his first moves in his legislative agenda. And he’s insisted, “we’re going to look to Mexico. ? The question is a difficult one, and it requires some kind of   analysis. There is a reason the Trump administration didn’t even try to use the term “extreme vetting? by itself —  instead it used the term “security theater. ? The term itself was invented by the George W. Bush administration and a new   administration. So, what does that really mean? And how do the CBP have to choose between “extreme vetting? or “detaining? foreigners, when CBP officers don’t even know who these travelers are? In this case, that’s unclear —  as the report suggests, they use the terms as shorthand that their superiors give them —  but it is nonetheless helpful in understanding the complexities of the Border Patrol’s role. CBP officers are deployed to the region around the country, in a situation similar to what they encountered in 2013. They are not equipped to do    work —  it’s their responsibility to detain or deport unauthorized immigrants. What is dangerous in the first place is that CBP officers often don’t have a strong grasp of the local cultures they serve, and the local political environment. What happens, then, when CBP personnel reach the border more than 500 miles away? In 2014, CBP deployed the second largest   patrol in the hemisphere: the Tucson Sector of the U. S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement. In a press release lauding their achievement, they described the division as the “first in a new chapter of cooperation between CBP and Mexican authorities. ? The division’s mission was a model of cooperation —  one that the CBP has in practice: It responded to the surge of   crossing in the southwest border from Mexico at   to the southern border in   by conducting deportations at the Border Patrol and taking migrants from the Mexico side. In 2016, the CBP conducted around 50, 000 “security sweep? operations and more than 1, 400 checkpoints, according to the report to the Senate Homeland Security Committee. Most of those actions were to complete the security sweep on the southern border of the Southwest. The CBP also sent in U.
