======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 NYO NEWS. .. The president said his party did not have enough Democratic votes to send Price to the Senate floor, but he would not budge. “The fact is you can’t be an effective representative when you have to be on the Hill asking for everything. You must have something to say,? Mr. Trump said. On Tuesday, Senator Lisa Murkowski, Republican of Alaska, said he would not support Price’s replacement because Democrats had “doubled their tally of seats in the House and Senate. ? Mr. Trump campaigned on a pledge to reduce the size of the government. “We have to get back to a level of something like what was when the country was growing for 40 years. ? He said he would not sign Mr. Price’s nomination if it involved large price increases. But Mr. Price said there was only one place where he would agree in spending billions of dollars to help poorer Americans, and that was military spending. His fellow Republican, Senator Bob Corker, also of Tennessee, said on Tuesday that he had no choice but to vote for Mr. Price’s replacement because his party had not had a budget proposal for 10 months. “If there’s to be a bill on the floor, in my view, that’s what the chair should do,? he said in an interview. “And Mr. Price did not take the job very seriously. ?"<endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Headline:"Mitch McConnell, F.C. Speaker, to Continue Defying Trump in Health Care Debate - The New York Times"
----------
Content:"WASHINGTON  —   Republican leaders of the U. S. House Republicans’ conference decided on a more measured approach in their campaign against President Obama on health care than the president seemed to suggest during his news conference last Friday when he appeared to defend his efforts. While there was an occasional display of feinting, the majority of members of the Freedom Caucus and other conservative lawmakers in the House were reluctant to commit to a change in the law. “I don’t know what’s going on right now. We’re not there yet,? said Representative Tom Cole of Oklahoma, the chairman of the House Energy and Commerce Committee. “We’re trying to figure out what’s best for patient. ? Some Republicans in the House Freedom Caucus said they were open to negotiations to keep some parts of Obamacare in place with minimal changes, though the group was not expected to move decisively. If there was sufficient bipartisan agreement, Representative Rodney Frelinghuysen, Republican of New Jersey, said, “It’s time to make the insurance companies give Americans more options and let people act on their own. ? But, he added, “It will be likelier that we come to a deal that doesn’t include a single person who could actually change the plan. ? Under the current law, insurance companies can no longer give out policy changes for sick or injured customers. They must take all customers  —   sick and healthy people  —   into account in a new plan. It is unclear if all of the House Freedom Caucus’s support in the Senate will be enough. But at least one lawmaker seemed to be open to allowing insurers do not need to cover sick customers and offering plans that could cover those with   conditions. “We’ll have to see what’s in the market,? Representative Mick Mulvaney, a Republican budget director, said in an interview on CNBC television. The question was whether that was enough of Mulvaney’s   in the House. But he said a vote to overturn the law before it went into effect could take months or years. “I’m not going to make a statement, but what I’m saying is that in order to have a law we can afford, we want to make sure of everybody who’s covered, the way we want to see  —   that starts out at the lowest cost, then somebody in the middle is going to be covered at even less of that,? he said. “There are some people with premorbidities who need to be looked at. ? If conservatives want to see the law repealed as quickly as possible, they may have to compromise, at least on the Affordable Care Act. While their fellow Republicans in the House can have a good week, some may not be willing to stand in the way of new   legislation. Representative Thomas Massie, a Kentucky Republican, said he expected Mr. Trump to pull back from any effort to repeal the health law. “We’re fighting the people of this country, the millions of people who do not want to take a risk, who do not want to have to work because they would rather spend some money a little bit for a little while,? Mr.
