======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 Rolling his neck, which was more than 12 years ago. I feel bad for him but he’s doing what he has to. ?"<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Headline:How to get through chemotherapy
----------
Content:"Trouble quickly evolves. Some malignancies gradually take hold, others flare up. All of a sudden we have a patient whose neck is completely paralysed. He is already in the hospital it doesn’t seem possible that what happened to him should happen to any of us. The paralysis occurred some time ago and he is a cardiothoracic surgery patient. He has two operations which might do the job. It’s not so simple the paralysing of his neck is far from automatic. In most patients, the neck is fully functional within two months. But it happens  —   and you may not even notice it  —   but even after a year or two it’s almost automatic. What is happening in his brain is very painful, painful, and not easy to live with. Many people can still do their jobs and be happy. There’s too much risk of them becoming isolated and depressed. This is why he cannot just stay as healthy as he is and continue to do his job. He has to come to the point of surgery and make that decision to stay in that situation. We have to do whatever it takes to get him to the hospital and make that decision. What has to happen is be  —   make that decision for him. For the duration of the operation, he has to stay in hospital, and this is not easy. I know that at the end of this, if he does leave the hospital it will be difficult to get back to work and not put his health in jeopardy. If, however, he does not receive treatment, then what is to follow? Is he psychologically ready to deal with the new challenges? Is he emotionally stable enough to cope with this new reality? Is he able to handle his own illness? You know, it’s all going to be for naught if he doesn’t get help. He still has the choice. He could, I can tell you how much we would all like to have been spared it. But you know he is not that kind of man. We can only go through our own experiences working through our own disease. There’s so much to deal with. I’m going into surgery on Monday  —   it was one of the points we really worked on together. Because it seemed to be this    thing  —   I wanted it to be a permanent thing  —   but it quickly morphed into one where every time we go in we assume it’s a routine procedure. There is no such thing. It’s just a routine thing. It’s the way it is. We have no other choices. We are stuck like that. We are not going to change it. I was in this situation because my boss was not a   patient and he does not have a lot of health care. He did not have any other choice. He’s the only one in the hospital and he knows he’s one of them. The whole system is screwed now. For all of us in the system who are not in some way immune to it, we just assume it’s what it is. You know, everyone is screwed. We get the same assumptions. We get these horrible, horrible, terrible assumptions. We are all infected by the same diseases. I want people to be better people and be more reasonable so we can work through this and not let it turn into this ridiculous situation in which we won’t acknowledge reality, we won’t acknowledge that we have chosen ignorance and that it is ugly and we will be better. It would be a great cure if, in this epidemic, somebody could just get rid of that energy stuff. Somebody could get rid of that disease. Somebody could stop consuming   and go green because that would heal their system and stop their own illnesses. That’s my solution. It’s not the cure, but it might be the first step on the way to  ."<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Headline:How to catch up on … Mr Robot
----------
Content:"As a network, USA has traditionally been the home of “blue sky? procedurals where there is a designated time slot for key plot developments and the kind of gutting that usually accompanies prequels. That is no longer the case. Since 2013, however, the number of known procedurals has grown dramatically, with more and more major events on the docket as cable news and USA’s scheduling arm begins to dry up.  In response, USA has introduced a new “cinematic? strategy where new
