======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 less time and money for Americans to make and receive a home mortgage, or to pay their children’s college tuition, was a major factor in his defeat. His decision to allow Americans to deduct their $15-an-hour minimum wage from their taxes was one of many controversial measures taken in his bid for the White House. The United States is also a wealthy nation. He has called for raising taxes and cutting military spending. He has threatened to pull out of the North American Free Trade Agreement, which has had an impact on jobs and global trade, and he has proposed raising the U.S. defense budget. Trump has promised to renegotiate or withdraw the U.S. from the Trans-Pacific Partnership trade deal, and has threatened to impose punitive tariffs on Mexican and other foreign products, saying he will not seek foreign help, according to interviews with U.S. lobbyists and former aides. Aides say he is keen to bring the U.S.-Mexico relationship to a close to keep Trump’s finger from the China issue and to avoid any disruptions to his events and his public speeches. While the party faithful may be disappointed with him, he enjoys some political support of the party base, and Republicans were already hoping the next election cycle would lead to a more balanced, compromise-focused party. That may happen, he is in the mix. A Republican poll last week found 59 percent of Republicans now support some sort of policy that addresses the border between Mexico and the United States and 66 percent do not want to deport the undocumented. Trump has been criticized by his critics over his stance on trade with Mexico, his insistence that the United States not pay for a wall on the U.S. southern border, and his recent call from Mexico’s Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy to allow the U.S. to pay for the wall. In his last speech, from March in Phoenix, Trump called for the legalization of marijuana. “The opioid problem is a criminal activity. It can be deadly,” he said. A former aide said the most contentious policy issue to Trump has been the wall, but added that the former aides said he also sees it as a political necessity. “He needs to find a way to do the wall. It’s not what his base wants. But what I’m hearing is that he needs to start taking that money back, making it available for the actual border wall,” the aide said.  Trump’s daughter, Ivanka, has become an outspoken critic of the Wall. In an address to the Republican National Convention in July, Ivanka said she was worried about it in the past, but she now looks “pro-Trump” for having the wall. As a senator from New York, she once said she hoped the “deportations” of undocumented immigrants were done “on the cheap,” but a member of Trump’s cabinet said that now doesn’t feel cheap to her.  “I have a whole lot of friends in the Republican establishment who think that the wall is great,” said one member of Congress. Another member of Congress said “Trump is doing what he has to do to keep his people safe.” ",<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Headline:Republicans in Washington are not playing ball: House GOP
Content: "WASHINGTON (Reuters) - As with many House of Representatives committees, the Republican-controlled House of Representatives on Wednesday refused to act on a plan to vote on a tax plan that critics said would disproportionately affect the middle class. Representatives Ted Poe and Charlie Dent said the House Committee on Ways and Means, the committee’s primary legislative body, would not vote on the measure on Wednesday due to “complaints of unfairness”. “While we focus on reducing taxes and reforming our broken healthcare system, we cannot ignore the concerns of middle class families and the taxpayers,” the lawmakers wrote in a letter to the Republican conference convening in the committee to review the tax plan. “While I applaud the Republican leadership for taking the long-overdue public examination of our current tax plan, they must return to the work of our Republican members in the House committee on our proposed bill, to be a committee responsible for the House plan,” they said. Some tax reform supporters say the tax plan is more complicated than most of its opponents give it credit for, despite being widely supported in a Republican-dominated Congress. Many tax reform supporters and Democrats say a tax plan that reduces corporate income tax and adds to the deficit is needed to address the debt and entitlements that result from any cuts in programs.  But some tax groups, such as the American Action Forum, a national conservative group, think lawmakers are playing a game of “gotcha” with the House. “They’re not playing ball,” said tax lobbyist Dan Clowes. His group is not endorsing the tax
