======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 healthcare-related legislation before Congress could act on it. Trump has said he expected a deal soon. ",<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Headline:"Trump says will not rule out selling country, says time to strike deals"
Content: "WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump said on Tuesday he would not rule out selling the United States the country, saying when the time to negotiate came he was going to go to Japan. In comments that drew a swift condemnation from the Japanese foreign minister and a wave of blank stares, Trump said: “As of today - and the day before - I’m not in such a position.” His remarks came as he and his Japanese counterpart Shinzo Abe, who is scheduled to arrive in Washington later this week for bilateral meetings, will hold their first day meeting. The two leaders met at the White House last month after their first face-to-face conversation. Asked by reporters after arriving in the United States to whether he had ruled out that it would be possible he could sell a U.S. embassy if Democrats failed to accept a presidential election to clean up corruption, Trump said: “There will be a deal.”  The United States has faced a host of questions from international and domestic authorities about whether a new Trump administration would pursue a diplomatic solution to address the crisis. Asked by reporters at his first official visit to the White House about whether he would have a discussion about selling the U.S. embassy to Japan, Trump said: “That’s kind of a tough one,” before adding it would be a bad idea to sell the embassy. “It’s going to make it hard to negotiate,” he said.      ",<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Headline:"Russia, Australia to set up working group to tackle cyber attacks abroad"
Content: "SINGAPORE (Reuters) - Australia and Russia have agreed to establish a working group to tackle the wide range of cybersecurity issues which can result from a large military cyber operation overseas, the Australian foreign ministry said on Wednesday. Australia is keen to reassure its allies, as well as its global economy and the United States, and is eager to see its military as a stable and reliable security partner. Australian Foreign Minister Julie Bishop said the sides had agreed to the working group. “We are ready to look ahead to formal arrangements that allow Australia to work with Australian and overseas security and commercial partners on the development and implementation of the agreement to coordinate cybersecurity issues which involve the global internet community,” she said in a statement. Australia, as it was still recovering from the collapse in the 2010 theft of sensitive government data, has sought greater cooperation from Japan and India on cyber security for years. It is the latest in a series of nations questioning the trustworthiness of Australia’s global alliance. Russia’s defense ministry and Australia’s cyber security office are part of a working group which will be led by Australia to examine security issues in the Asia Pacific region, Australia and Japan said. The agreement came on the same day that Australian foreign minister Julie Bishop and Japan’s Defense Minister Minato Tanaka agreed to a further review of the two countries’ cooperation in cyber security, despite fears that Australia and Japan could launch cyber-related military drills this year. The Australian foreign ministry and the Pentagon’s cyber capabilities office were not immediately available for comment. Australia has been seeking to get Washington to suspend a bilateral cyber security agreement that has been in place since 2009, following concerns that the alliance could be used to spy on other countries. The New Zealand-based Defence Security Cooperation Ltd is scheduled to set up the first working group on cooperation in the Asia Pacific region to address potential threats ranging from non-traditional militaries to countries that are “compliant with Australia’s obligations of international law,” Bishop said. Australia will take part in the meetings, which will also include those from the United States and several others, Bishop said. “Australia welcomes this work and will work to support the efforts of the regional security team to bring about an agreement which we want to achieve to be a positive and safe time for Australian businesses to collaborate with our friends and allies and partner members of the international community to ensure this successful and effective agreement to be reviewed,” she added. Australia has worked aggressively with some governments in the region, notably Washington, to strengthen bilateral cyber-security cooperation, including on cyber security cooperation for the United States and the ability to share information without being hacked, but the Australian foreign ministry said it had been unable to negotiate a final deal. Japan’s defense ministry said it would issue a statement on the planned working group after the Australian foreign ministry finalised a statement on the status of the agreement. Australian Foreign Minister Julie Bishop said Japan and Australia had agreed a mutual commitment that the defense force to be responsible for managing “the security
