======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 The $16 billion, 20, 000-seat arena will be built by the Seattle arena company AEG and will be managed by the private equity firm Greylock Partners. The arena’s opening in April is a priority for AEG, which has invested heavily in the area. In addition to the $16 billion arena, the company is also pursuing deals to build luxury condominiums in the area, build a high school, a university and a cluster of office space. While most of the office space will be used by AEG, the luxury condominium units will also be available for rent. “This is a great, long term investment with long term impact,? said Greg Grandin, the managing partner of Greylock. “I had the opportunity to meet with Paul Pierce. ? Mr. Grandin led Seattle’s Olympic bid team in 2012 and won a medal in the city’s triathlon, one of the world’s most prestigious events. “I knew Paul Pierce would make a difference in bringing Olympic champions to the region, so I am excited to partner with him on this project,? Mr. Grandin said. As it stands, the Olympic Village, which is being renovated, is a blight on the waterfront. The waterfront at the Coliseum was temporarily closed to the public for the bid process. Mr. Grandin, a longtime resident, said the Olympic Village was the ideal venue for the Games, giving people a place to stay during the Games and then host communities in which to celebrate the closing ceremonies."<endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Headline:‘I Won’t Hire Donald Trump’ - The New York Times
----------
Content:"LOS ANGELES  —   I have learned a lot about Donald J. Trump over the last eight years. I like him on television. I watched his debate with Megyn Kelly in 2015.  I do think that somebody who is temperamentally similar to him is not the right person for the job,? said Senator Susan Collins of Maine, the Republican chairwoman of the Senate committee overseeing health, education and welfare. “As someone who has actually worked with him professionally and personally as a government servant, I think it would be inappropriate for him to be jobless right now. ? She later added: “That is not temperamentally sound. ? Senator John McCain of Arizona, the chairman of the committee that oversees the Senate armed services, echoed Ms. Collins in calling Mr. Trump’s “commitment to full service a mistake?  —   but he disagreed with her characterization of him. Mr. McCain said on Monday that Mr. Trump has shown that he has not deviated from the policies and principles of the Republican Party. Yet he added, “It is very, very unusual that a sitting president would not immediately get going with a job hunting committee. ? Asked about it by reporters after a closed hearing on Monday morning, a retired admiral, Dr. Robert S. Harward, said that his experience in hiring experienced people had led him to conclude that the Republican majority in the Senate was not up for grabs. “That is not to say that everybody in this body is good people who are not going to do a great job,? he added. “No  —   as I understand the processes, the process is to find the very best and the freshest people to work with. ?"<endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Headline:‘Trump’s Inroads to Hispanic Voters’ - The New York Times
----------
Content:"PHOENIX  —   For decades, the presidential campaign trail and the transition to life as a citizen   immigrant  had mobilized voters from a mostly   electorate. But for   voters in Arizona, the Trump phenomenon has not only drawn them into the voting booth but provoked them to direct their ire toward their neighbors. In a State that Mr. Trump carried by 18 points last year, Nate Silver, a statistician based in San Francisco, said Latino voters had become part of the political mainstream because of Mr. Trump’s pronouncements during the presidential campaign. “Voters are waking up because of what Trump is saying, and saying, in their neighborhoods,? said Mr. Silver, a longtime supporter of the Republican presidential nominee. “Voters see a national leader that shares their values and is also the person most likely to do something about it. ? “Voter suppression and gerrymandering go hand in hand,? Mr. Silver added. Mr. Trump’s rise is being felt in Arizona. The presidential candidate in the last decade, Mitt Romney, lost the election to Barack Obama among Latinos by 13 points, according to a Pew Research Center survey released Monday. In fact, many of Mr. Trump’s supporters said they could not name a single Republican elected or appointed that year
