======== SAMPLE 1 ========
. And in general, the way to a peaceful solution is not to attack or threaten or use force. On the contrary, to avoid a violent    outcome, there are many options to researchers for studying peaceful protesters, and it could include   policy makers, private citizens, and government officials, and academics. The next phase of the Trump Administration will be to study peaceful protesters again   to determine if the federal government could be a model or model for future civil unrest and unrest that could unfold, and what lessons America could learn. The key question here, of course, is whether peaceful protesters can be put down with force. There is little evidence the vast majority of these protests were peaceful and led no violence at all. Yet there’s no question that those few handful of protesters who did resort to violence, including those at Berkeley and elsewhere, ultimately failed to threaten or damage property. The question becomes what lessons could be learned from this failure to resolve the Berkeley situation peacefully. The obvious answer, from the past, is to remain calm and bear out whatever their adversaries may be trying to do to come after the First Amendment. The Trump Administration could, in fact, take a leaf out of the book of textbooks and say that the only way to truly gauge the results of such demonstrations is to analyze the violence those protesters employed to reach their end for now. That the administration would even resort to violence and threaten legal recourse, and still continue to ignore the very same facts, speaks to the profound disrespect some have shown toward their authority and to the president’s lack of understanding as a result of the damage caused by long and   ideological games on which he is playing. The violence of the Berkeley Police Department may have made it clear that they believed violence was the least extreme option available to the Berkeley Police or UC Berkeley, and they owe it the ultimate compliment to the great mission and values of free speech and political debate to that end. The Berkeley Police Department has responded emotionally and literally. The University will have to rebuild and fully recover from the crisis that unfolded on Thursday, in our nation."<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Headline:The Atlantic  Politics & Policy Daily: What’s ’The Bureaucrash’ About the Cabinet?
----------
Content:"President Trump’s Budget Plan Is A Lie: Since the 1950s, the top two jobs and far more important   earners have been the Cabinet secretaries, Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack and Energy Secretary Sally Watt, respectively. The two retired officials who have worked in the administration are in the thick of an extraordinarily successful first term, with each of the administrations’ top nominees a highly effective and successful politician, as Donald Trump’s nominees to the Cabinet have proved as much, if not more so than the   president would like to. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson has been in the public eye since 1983, when President Ronald Reagan appointed his brother and protégé George H. W. Bush’s second Secretary of Defense Robert McNamara. In terms of policy, the most important issue about the new administration’s nominees has been its immigration bans, not the substance itself of these policies, but that the president seems determined to enforce these policies in a way that will dramatically increase the size of his   fan base. And, as the GOP’s Senate majority leader reminded them earlier in the day, “if we can stop illegal immigration, we can stop   terrorism. We can use this to keep terrorism at bay. ? So far, of course, that hasn’t stopped Trump from issuing executive orders. His most important executive order is a “Muslim ban? on visa and refugee admissions, the most controversial part of the order. In addition to a total of 45, 000 visas being suspended, the ban also targets citizens of seven predominantly Muslim countries, effectively a temporary suspension of their entry into the United States. While some in Trump’s own party argue that the ban is needed to stop terrorism, others, including many Republicans in Congress and the entire administration, argue that it needs to be done in part to protect the United States from a future wave of Islamist terrorism that is shaping up like Europe is a fundamentally unstable mess. In other words, there’s a substantial question here —  whether the government’s decisions should be guided by what Americans view as a national security or counterterrorism imperative —  that could very easily go unchecked, or even   with Trump at the helm. As the House speaker and former governor of New York, Trump regularly analyzes what is now shaping up as some form of   crisis, whether in the form of a crisis in U. S. national security, or in the form of a crisis in American democracy itself. What he’s noticed in the months preceding the Iraq War and its aftermath has been the deterioration of U. S.  institutions and the erosion of a balance of power on the international order, all of which he
