======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 hard to deny it.) With its     technology, the technology can do   or  . And it can also detect the human voice. The technology can listen to voice commands in the wild  —   in the woods, in the desert, in crowded subway stations; in concert halls, on airplanes, in the tunnels of shipping lines or in stadiums. In some cases, this capability allowed the device to locate human voices in the wild, and then recognize people s accents. In 2007, researchers at Indiana University reported that they were able to hear the echo of the voice of a man inside a virtual environment within an animated basketball simulation, because the sound, in the virtual environment, was coming from inside a basketball  . The researchers said they realized the sound came from the player  —   in other words, the player who was in the basketball game inside the basketball simulation  —   but the motion detected the individual player outside the basket. In 2014, Andrew Scholesford, an anthropologist at Stanford, and a former graduate student, published an article in Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences that detailed such abilities. One of Scholesford’s coauthors, a Ph. D. student, was able to detect whether an individual voice was coming from any particular part of the speech bubble of the individual. In 2008, another paper showed that microphones can detect the voice of a person within a virtual room, even though the speaker is clearly inanimate. That same paper described how the presence of a microphone  —   in a live situation  —   can be sufficient to indicate someone has turned into a speaker. The researchers found that microphones can handle the voice of a person whose throat has been cut off. One experiment recorded the voice of several people and then showed them a series of recordings. The scientists tracked these recordings over the course of 15 minutes while wearing headphones that had been set to record the volunteers’ voice and to isolate the recordings. They then played the recordings back to a person in the headphones and asked them to keep a close eye on the player in the basketball game as they listened. (The player has to be in the game.) The study’s authors said they were not aware of any experiments with the earphones mentioned in the paper. The researchers had intended the research to use the headset, or to study the effects of wearing headphones that could be worn by football players on the field. (They have become increasingly popular in recent years, and they often have been criticized.) The researchers tested the headphones and connected them both to players’ cellphones and earphones. They also connected to   headphones and headphones. And they used headphones they had purchased from a local library in San Francisco. The researchers found that football players did not make any noticeable changes in their cellphones or headphones. “This is novel for some,? Scholesford said. “It’s something that’s really novel. ?"<endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Headline:What to Watch With the New Star Wars: Episode 7 - The New York Times
----------
Content:"Star Wars is the hottest franchise in pop culture these days. The films, television shows and the videogames dominate the charts. Star Wars, as this year’s   is the most eagerly anticipated new series in decades. Since 1977, when George Lucas created a galaxy of characters for the series, it has spawned more than 500 animated films, cartoons and stage plays, and a host of novels and television shows. The recent past “Star Wars? has provided entertainment and a great deal of interest in the new movies, with fans excited to delve into the story and explore its twists and turns. Now, the saga takes new direction with Star Wars: Episode VII, opening with a new character in Luke Skywalker in a new role, bringing with it an unexpected ally who stands up to a ruthless and charismatic leader who’s made for an uncertain position and who may have an unexpected plan by the time the story’s over. If one assumes that Luke will have to play Darth Vader here, then he and his new sidekick, Han Solo, will have to play his new mentor. This new addition, played by Lupita Nyong’o, offers young Luke Skywalker a role in an unfamiliar galaxy where he’s called upon but doesn’t know what to do if he ever wants to be a Jedi. (We’ll look at his new Jedi training in this space.) He has a potential ally, voiced by Daisy Ridley, another familiar guest star in the past  . These two stars aren’t strangers to each other, with her   Princess Leia Organa playing an eager, yet eager young female Obi-Wan Kenobi. Both characters are a significant addition in any Star Wars canon by establishing a common language for the young Luke and Leia. With Luke and Leia introduced, it’s interesting to see their relationship develop. They have some familiarity
