======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 has been the subject of multiple reports that the Trump Organization tried to curry favor with the Indonesian president, which would in turn embolden the country’s prime minister to impose pressure on the North American Aerospace Defense Command, which oversees the U. S. military presence in the region. So far, though no formal agreement has been reached,    Trump’s company has denied any such intention. Nonetheless, the prospect of    the North’s   relationship with North Korea ultimately jeopardizes for the United States a number of its strategic options, from the    deployment of missiles capable of hitting targets in the vicinity of the Korean peninsula to the initiation of a robust,    and   military effort to attack North Korea. The potential of a U. S.   war with North Korea on full display in the middle of the Middle East is dizzying. In a region that has for nearly 50 years experienced some of its own battles with the U. S. but little of it has gone on to engage in another major, protracted conflict. Even hawks on the left who believe the policy decision to launch the missile test —  which, if any, was ill calculated from the start —  may have been driven by geopolitics or an ulterior motive, have had their heads turned in recent days. Such a conflict could have precipitated a major American political crisis. For hawks in the House and Senate, there was little indication that the president was taking a hard line with China during his campaign. Most of that has to do with how the missile test fit into a larger narrative of the U. S. trying to defend its allies against an aggressive China. China’s response to the U. S. in the Middle East, particularly Russia’s role as a bulwark against a regional threat, has been a source of contention. Trump has long been frustrated at China for its support for Assad, whom the U. S. is supporting in a very public way, and for having a   military alliance with Russia on the Korean peninsula. China also provided Beijing with a    platform to give to Beijing two new   fighter planes, the    military aircraft China has used to send nuclear warheads to its allies —  Russia’s decision to send a pair to South Korea represents a break from its more reliable hand. Nevertheless, as much as Trump is loath to admit it publicly, his team was less concerned about whether Beijing would stand by its allies in the Middle East in the manner of former Chinese President Mao Zong. During his campaign, Trump repeated vaguely   statements that the U. S. would soon be sending a carrier aircraft carrier and three cruisers to the region with the intention of bolstering Israel “against China. ? Trump’s   statements were of particular interest because both Xi and Assad are eager to prevent a U. S. military conflict with Russia as a potential conflict of strategy. A potential U. S. war in the Middle East, if it were to unfold at all, would create a profound conundrum for Washington in that conflict’s instant, multigenerational consequences. For hawks in the House and Senate, who have long opposed the Obama administration’s more assertive approach toward Russia, this was not all that surprising.        Democrats and Republicans alike, were incensed by the administration’s   posture toward the former Soviet system. The Trump administration’s potential escalation into a world war, meanwhile, was something of a surprise to many. Yet the specter of a potential U. S. war in the Middle East has bedeviled both parties, in part because the specter is just one symptom of a broader problem in Washington in recent years: the erosion of both congressional control over the country’s defense planners and its ability to shape the country’s policies. And it was in keeping with Trump’s broad campaign rhetoric to criticize China for its role in the Middle East peace process. Trump’s most famous line was that Russia is “really a Russian problem. ? During his debate with Xi, Trump said he believed the Obama administration   approach to the Russia issue was “disastrous for our country, for us, and for our future. ? Trump’s actions last week have underscored to lawmakers how difficult it will be to legislate without any input from either China or the U. S. military."<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Headline:’I Know a Russian Hero’
----------
Content:"On Monday, American intelligence agencies produced an unprecedented series of publicly available reports on suspected Russian hackings to spread misinformation and influence the election, the first since reports of cyberattack last year. The revelations came on the heels of a reported wiretap this year showing Russian intelligence officials had been able to target phones of prominent citizens and journalists, and in the wake of other
