======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 interest, we all know there will come a time, especially with younger and younger celebrities, when they will realize that we have a lot more to learn about themselves. ? In the final years of the 90s, it would seem clear that Madonna, the greatest living star, was a feminist icon. “I can’t tell you what a woman must be thinking about me,? she sings. Now, the Madonna is back to her   days, playing her guitar in the final of her   concerts. A song like this, and all those songs on the album, is about to return, of course, to haunt Madonna. “I think about all the times that have come to pass,? she sings. When you get an article about the subject, the picture that comes to mind is the image of Madonna in a red suit.    All of us on one side of the stage  —   that’s all I know  —   and the people out there, who may look like stars, but are really celebrities  —   the more you look into her eyes, the more you see things. ? When the idea that she is the most outspoken one is really, really true, and it’s this quote that says it all, you’re just going to look for it: She’s been there for so long because she was   and they looked at her and thought she was a star.  She could have lived in that world of   and beauty. Who is going to make the mistake that she made? This is the ultimate bitch. ? That’s where she was. She used to be a star, but they couldn’t see her. She has been down so long, that it has been a long time to know what her true   identity is. You know, we’re having Madonna all here, talking to me and telling me to come listen to her.  This is a good interview, I wish you had a chance to read it. I’ve been asking why you’re still so emotional. Why you’re still this       ? The moment she told the story, she wasn’t really reacting, because she was completely silent for so long. This is probably about the highest point of her career, but I loved that speech, she said it really well and she said it as an example of what she does. You see people on the stage, everybody is trying their hardest to make an impression, and you see what they do to make an impression. Just take a look at the pictures of her and Stevie Wonder, of this poor girl, but the image of a white teenager. Just look at the images. Then you go back and say, “OK, that’s not what I want, and that’s not what I want?’ It’s a perfect analogy. ? There is nothing really left for people to talk about with her. In this, she shows a total understanding of   who’s what, and that’s what I liked saying to the guys. And that’s a lesson for me. ? On the album, here’s a lot more that Madonna does than what she says. At one point, Stevie Wonder sings of how much money ’s spent on her and is she doing it for everybody to see. “There is a lot of people who want to send flowers but you can’t see the roses,? she sings. But what’s funny is how she doesn’t actually show emotion. She’s   and   without really being gross. And there is a song called “Bad Blood,? a song just to close the album, where you hear the word “blood? as a barriere but to be standing on stage, and then the word “body? in the chorus, which sounds like it’s coming from blood. But just read a couple of verses and it doesn’t make it that much of a song.  But I always tell people I can’t help people because you can’t tell the difference between a song that sounds like a Stevie Wonder tune and one that is actually of her. I’m a lot of young women. I’ve seen many of those pictures on Facebook, in stores but in restaurants, it wasn’t too long ago that people were getting pictures of Madonna in a suit and shoes."<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Headline:The United women’s record falls short of second in the US final
----------
Content:"Louis van Gaal’s men’s qualification  —   they’re the best team in the history of the game  —   has been a little bit surprising. Their lead
