======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 Robert Clinton. “Hillary Clinton has made a killing deal with Putin,? he said. “Hillary Clinton doesn’t understand the United States of America no longer equals Russia. Look at where the American people are headed. ? He added: “In terms of leadership, Hillary Clinton has reached the greatest stretch in her own career. ? Trump twice denounced the suggestion that his temperament could make him particularly susceptible to blackmail by Putin. In March, he said: “I sure wish he’d stop bugging me. ? The remarks in Scranton came just hours after Trump said he would look into legally recognizing Russia’s occupation of Crimea if elected. Former Swedish foreign minister Carl Bildt tweeted during the Scranton speech: “I never thought a serious discussion of restoring ties with Russia could begin. But that’s where we are. ? Trump also addressed the shooting deaths of 49 people at a gay nightclub in Orlando, Florida, saying: “The Orlando tragedy has upended everything I’m trying to do. There’s a very sad day. ? The presumptive Republican presidential nominee spoke to the victims’ families at a news conference in Scranton on Tuesday. “The day when the shooting that I heard (say) happened is the same as the shooting that I saw last night,? he said. “In either case, the person who was responsible must be held accountable. ? Earlier Tuesday, responding to the Trump reportedly said he would look into legally recognizing Russia’s occupation of Crimea, which the US has long questioned during its   relations with the former Soviet bloc. Trump has previously expressed his willingness to “walk? if countries like Russia would like to join the US but has yet to specifically name the country as a threat. The US has been bombing Isis targets in Syria, but has also claimed it will not initiate a military intervention in Syria unless the Assad regime secures his own territory. Trump previously said the Paris climate accords ratified by Russia last year were a “very small? announcement and that the US would do more on the global environmental agenda. The tentative deal would see the US temporarily remove its bans on importing Russian goods into the Paris climate accords. Additional reporting: Mohammad Ajouz and Leila Moghaddam"<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Headline:Do Trump’s pardons warrant a pardon?
----------
Content:"Presumably pardoning Democrat Crooked Hillary Clinton as the result of a pending federal investigation into whether the former secretary of state used campaign donations illegally, Fox News host Megyn Kelly has decided against granting Trump’s campaign a pardon. In a tweet announcing the decision she posted shortly after 11pm on Tuesday read: “FBI confirms Crooked Hillary Clinton met with FBI officials during Clinton’s private email server scandal. ? Hillary Clinton’s private email server was the subject of an active police investigation from more than two years ago, but the conclusion the investigation conducted was not unexpected. Former secretary of state Colin Dunne had been investigating her private email server since 2011. During one of her many emails investigation, Dunne said he was told by a senior FBI official that Clinton and her staff exchanged some emails with the FBI as recently as 2012 but declined to believe them. In his statement on Tuesday announcing the decision not to grant the request, Kelly said: “The FBI’s ongoing investigation of Hillary Clinton and the relevant emails does not change the conclusion of the FBI’s investigation of Crooked Hillary?. “The additional emails the FBI is investigating include a total denial by the State Department and the Clinton family of any intent to influence the election?. It is unclear whether the “collateral? emails that Clinton and her staff discussed on her private email server also existed when she was secretary of state. The   deletes were published by the FBI earlier this month after hours at a Washington DC law firm were said to be devoted to digging up dirt on Clinton from her time as secretary of state. Law enforcement sources told the Associated Press that the deleted emails were added because they had been found relevant to the ongoing investigation of the 2012 secretary of state. “About two dozen? deletions have been ruled out, according to Kelly. About two dozen of the emails were found on Anthony Weiner, the estranged husband of Hillary Clinton, who has been estranged from the Clintons for more than two years.  About half of the deleted emails bore the subject line “China? while others were titled “FBI investigation of Hillary Clinton?. About a dozen of those emails are said to have been written by Cheryl Mills, a longtime Clinton aide who was forced to leave the Clinton administration this summer, after leaving the Clinton administration over the Clinton email issue. About   of the emails have been released thus far and the rest will be examined in full on Wednesday by the FBI. About   of the emails total more than 90, 000 words, amount
