======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 in the House of Education. House Republicans are expected to unveil a bipartisan deal on Tuesday to keep lawmakers in session until January to work on health care, and are expected to push the Senate to consider the bill the next day. As is customary in the House, Republicans are planning a vote once the Senate approves it, although the precise timing is unclear. If passed, the Congressional Review Act would then need 60 votes to become law. That means that it could take days after lawmakers leave Washington to head home for the winter and then again in early February, leaving them no time to add new votes. Representative Tim Ryan, Republican of Ohio, told reporters that House Republicans were considering using that option in the House bill to make sure lawmakers had a full session next month to vote on it. But Mr. Ryan said that discussions had     and that the House was taking on too much of a big burden. Mr. Ryan said more discussions between House Republicans and their counterparts in the Senate were needed after Mr. Trump signed two executive orders on climate change and the environment. In a speech in Utah, Mr. Trump called for the cancellation of the Bears E. public lands management program and for a renewed push to limit carbon emissions in the United States, but he did not spell out specific actions. “We can’t afford to lose our clean future,“ Mr. Trump said. “So we’re going to keep fighting to protect our climate, for generations to come. ? In comments before the meeting, Mr. Ryan said Mr. Trump would offer Republicans an opportunity next month to add a new round of tax cuts and a repeal of Obamacare that would have to become law as part of the broader effort to undo the president’s first legislative triumph. Representative Fred Upton, Republican of Michigan and the chairman of the Energy and Commerce Committee, told Mr. Trump that he could not understand the “ ? president was using the chance to signal that the House tax overhaul would include tax savings for the wealthy in the bill that he would submit to the committee next week. Representative Ed Royce, Republican of Calif. said House Republicans could use the opportunity to offer a “proper budget resolution,? although many congressional aides believe the resolution be a sham  —   that is, without an additional Democrat supporting it. And they expect the House Appropriations Committee to allow them to use the money to send the final House passage legislation to Mr. Trump by the end of the week. The committee could use up to $20 billion to pay off the debt, and to fund the tax plan if there is political accord. Mr. Ryan said his conference was already moving in the House toward an agreement with the Democrats on health care, but he suggested there’s still much work to be done. He urged House Republicans to “keep working the phones during the summer,? urging them to give Democrats a good week, saying, “I know Democrats want this passed this week, but you can’t have a good week in   Washington. ? The Senate can take up the bill this week on its own timetable, but some Republicans expressed reservations about the House plan to hold a procedural vote on the tax legislation in the House the next day. But Representative Rodney Frelinghuysen, a Republican from New Jersey, said Mr. Trump could get the House to vote as soon as this spring. He said House leaders, including House Speaker Paul D. Ryan, would “have a good time? when the tax bill arrives in the middle of February, although they were not ready to go public on the timing yet. But he said the vote might be held until early March, after the winter recess, when House Republicans return to their summer work force. He did not think that was a bad time. “It’s a little early to be talking about whether we’re going to have a vote on health care next month or at the end of October,? he said in remarks at a Republican political retreat in Scranton, Pa. “We’re going to finish talking to the president about that in February time now. ? Representative Barbara Comstock, Democrat of Virginia, indicated that, too, but she offered no timeline. “We’re going to work as long as it takes,? Ms. Comstock said, adding that Democrats had a “moral obligation to do what’s best for the American people at this point in time,? but a requirement to get a bill to the floor. Ms. Comstock, a member of the House Democratic leadership, held a news conference on Tuesday, calling the House bill a “victory? so far. Republicans have not given Democrats much time to offer an alternative to the bill, and are still trying to put together a legislative strategy to slow the Affordable Care Act. Many congressional Republicans have said that repealing the taxes they seek to replace, like replacing or scrapping Obamacare, will be easier. House Republicans are also pursuing “revenue
