======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 The Obama administration, for example, spent months raising awareness about a new Ebola outbreak in the U. S. after an earlier one in Canada. The number of health workers who have contracted infections has fallen sharply since the   began. Still, the sharp decline in infection rates might suggest that the U. S. contracted the virus in the Americas, potentially before it had finished moving west. The Obama administration had been a major player in the debate over Ebola, which it initially declared to be a  . It urged its public to stay alive in the U. S. and send back their dead if they got sickened by Ebola. This was a bolder approach than that taken by previous governments. The argument was, again, that we’re catching Ebola in West Africa, and we never want to be in West Africa again. But that argument went on for a long time, and that led to a lot, including the creation of a coalition to combat Ebola. It’s an argument that gets made for every national security strategy, and it could be used in many ways. But as I say, I think the president will come to the same answer about why he’s taking this risk. But why take it, as the senior Trump administration official? Why do we have to take it and not, for example, the case for allowing a medical worker to get treated in the U. S. at the same time as a patient in West Africa? What is the answer? The answer is, again, national defense. We can defend ourselves, we can fight against our enemy, they will come to us, we will defend ourselves, we can fight against their threats, but it takes a national commitment, a strong national commitment, a   national commitment, of course, to do that. But what is the best country to fight against? I think the United Kingdom is a great place to start in trying to find a compromise with them. They, as I say, have achieved incredible things this has really changed the course of the world. I think it took off. That happened there, in Europe, in Asia, in Africa, and it will change the course of the world, as well. But this country is not just looking at what happened in the past, it’s looking at what is happening right now in West Africa. It’s looking at what is happening in Guinea. In Senegal. It’s looking at the situation in those countries, and trying to figure out, as you can see the number of people who have been treated in U. S. hospitals, or U. S. clinics, or other countries to get treated there —  that is something to think about. This will cause those countries to have to look to the U. S. for solutions and for leadership, or to U. S. military commanders, for guidance. It will cause them to have to take a real look at what the future means, and to make room for a future that is more resilient. And there are so many other things that cause them to realize that maybe the U. S. isn’t the best place to be, but if, through whatever process this new refugee policy, whatever new military recruitment, any other steps that are taking place in our broader communities. There are so many reasons why they want to be safe. I don’t think the refugee policy has caused them to be more afraid. The refugee policy is in many ways, in a way, what it is. We’ve done a lot to help them and they’ve suffered a lot from this terrible event. But they still have this grievance —  it’s a common complaint from people who have experienced the most extreme things —  but you still have a grievance, which can only be addressed by the human race, or a coming together. Now you get a chance to start the building again. I believe there’s a lot of potential for improvement. I don’t think this is the end of the road. As a society, we’ll continue to respond and assist in the way that we do: by, for, and through the processes of civility and cooperation until our borders are secure again."<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Headline:The Trump Administration’s Diverging Views of Refugee Policy
----------
Content:"When a former policy coordinator, Dr. Bruce Taylor, described the Trump administration’s approach toward migrants as “relaxing,? it sounded like the   of a   movie, but it was really like the Obama administration, which was in serious trouble in 2014 while trying to draw international outrage to what then seemed like a very real threat from the Islamic State. But the administration quickly said the policy wasn’t relaxation, and it was actually a   response to terrorist attacks like the one in London. That Trump made this decision in his first week in office is, in a sense, a
