======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 of president? And she’d rather be the one to say so, instead? Trump said in December. On the campaign trail, the president was      in addressing a young white man in his home state of New York. Trump’s supporters would later hear him called a racist by some, and it is not unprecedented for a politician to invoke the past in a later statement. Here, if you’re concerned for the safety of Trump’s young daughter or grandchild, consider offering a statement that addresses their circumstances. Perhaps that’s what happened when the president spoke publicly about his efforts to stop violence against blacks. Instead, he announced that he would “t listen to hate? and that he would use his executive authority to protect the LGBTQ community. A day later, the ACLU sent out a statement on behalf of their own children to defend the right to protest Trump’s recent executive order in the Philippines. Their statement did so by asking, “What will the American president do when it comes to protecting gay rights??    And so, when Trump ordered the temporary immigration ban that triggered it on Saturday, it’s now clear that the president has found a new president for his Department of Homeland Security —  and the president has found a way to use his authority to dismantle longstanding protections for undocumented immigrants and refugees already in the U. S. According to The Washington Post, Trump has called for “ensuring that the country is ‘legalized’ in its own right. ? But the White House seems intent to ignore or deny those protections, including the right to freely exercise their religious beliefs, which is why Attorney General Jeff Sessions’s recusal as national security adviser sparked nationwide protest. Meanwhile, Secretary of State Rex Tillerson is in negotiations with his Chinese counterpart, where State Representative Julian Castro, a Republican, is headed toward a meeting with Chinese officials to discuss the possible future of U. S. relations with Beijing. In a move to make room for the new nominee, the president’s administration has announced it will be hiring 100, 000 workers to round out a “proliferation of talented,   Americans ready to make the leap from career to career. ?"<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Headline:"A Brief History of American Immigration"
----------
Content:"An early marker of the American foreign policy established at the time of President Richard Nixon’s administration was the passage of the Immigration Act of 1965. Under the law, the U. S. entered the war on drugs in October of 1965 at the behest of Congress after the Mexican government made a chemical,   bomb on a major Los Angeles street. President Lyndon Johnson authorized the act, known as the Johnson Amendment, because it was meant to protect American workers and increase domestic security. The law would also establish the Immigration and Nationality Act, which is the primary domestic law governing migration through the Immigration Act of 1917. In November of 1964, the law would be amended to forbid the government from denying certain immigrants a legal status that was deemed to undermine their rights and interests. The act also authorized federal agencies, in the wake of civil rights abuses, to arrest and deport individuals who were judged to embody the threat posed by black and Latin American Americans. Johnson’s successor, Johnson, passed the 1965 act, known as the Immigration and Nationality Act, and signed a landmark enforcement statute in February of 1965 with “enhanced cooperation? from the Department of Homeland Security. Although Congress authorized the president to close the door to   Americans, that did not occur, even in response to national tragedies like the Boston bombing or the Holocaust. The 1965 Act also established a “nationwide protocol? for   workers that promised to protect both employers and employees from discrimination. In other words, the president was signing legislation that made America a safe and prosperous country for black and Latino workers to enter the labor force. That same history has now begun with Trump. In his first 100 days in office, Trump has taken steps to increase the economic anxiety of workers and their families. During his press conference today, Donald Trump’s   rhetoric came from the same playbook as his   policy. But here’s where immigration comes in: First, Trump’s ban on Syrian refugees —  which was recently suspended by federal courts —  was quickly supported by a bipartisan,   majority in Congress and an even more important,   coalition among the Republican public in refusing to consider that the current influx of refugees and migrants might represent a security threat. But even if a number of Republican lawmakers supported Trump’s efforts to curtail immigration as a way to increase security, millions of their constituents didn’t. A new group of experts, however, is making this case for their shared sense of destiny, and their collective opposition. Through the work of a small group of top academics, immigration researchers, and teachers, a new literature has emerged in
