======== SAMPLE 1 ========
.” “My view is the American people are disappointed with the way our system is going through,” he added later in the same meeting. “It is a major factor in the voter decision,” Rubio declined to answer a series of questions. He told Reuters that the country would be better off if it had people involved in the political process who could help people make their decisions rather than those in Washington, where they are supposed to be ineffectual with little to no input from the government. Rubio’s comments were likely to be seen as a victory for political leaders of the American establishment who are concerned Trump’s campaign has hurt the party’s standing in the polls ahead of the Nov. 8 presidential contest. Trump has called the media illegitimate, suggesting that the party establishment may have been misled by Republican officials.     The Republican establishment has traditionally been supportive of the president, particularly in defense of his presidential victory that was fueled by party leaders’ support for his candidacy. The party’s leadership declined to respond immediately to Rubio’s comment. “Given his record, it’s important to remember that he’s a member of the Senate,” Senate Republican leader Mitch McConnell said in a statement on Wednesday. “He’s an unapologetic Republican. It’s a good honor for the House of Representatives to hold him accountable.” Trump’s campaign attacks have raised questions about the future of the Republican Party, whose image is far from rock solid after it faced serious setbacks in 2016, even as it had built a brand identity before he became the party’s official nominee. On Wednesday, a CNN television audience, a record high, saw an increase in people tuning into the president’s rally at a downtown Washington hotel. The rally, which lasted nearly seven hours, was the biggest ever by a Republican candidate.  The president was criticized last week when he retweeted a quote from an aide that drew swift condemnation and backlash on social media. Trump’s victory may also be a victory for some leaders of the establishment who took a firm hand earlier in the campaign, including Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, who told Reuters that “The people’s response has shown that if we win this first election against the backdrop of the presidential campaign, what is happening in American politics will be fine for the next one.” But, on Wednesday, a handful of the Republican Party’s most stalwart Republican political leaders were left bewildered and disheartened after a campaign of criticism that was rife with racial and political animus and featured the likes of former Alaska Governor Sarah Palin, who had been endorsed by John McCain, a real-estate mogul and former Republican presidential candidate, and New Jersey Governor Chris Christie, who endorsed Trump and was running for governor of the island of Jersey City and has been in the political limelight regularly since he was governor.  “That’s a total disaster,” said Representative Matt Salmon, an Arizona Republican and chairman of the House Intelligence Committee. Salmon said the race to pick a running mate had been one of the biggest hurdles his party had faced. “I don’t believe we can be the winners and there’s no way I can see a viable path forward,” he said.    The first Republican campaign to take his endorsement was an outsider’s guide to picking a vice president, which led the news media and the public to accuse Trump on Nov. 26 of making the nomination process a  “de facto” for some candidates.  But the man who has been endorsed by none other Republican has been Trump’s most outspoken defender, saying on Tuesday that no candidate who he has ever endorsed would support a Republican.  His Twitter attacks were directed at Rubio, his rival for the nomination who is considered an establishment favorite. Rubio is one of the more formidable Republican contenders for vice national security after three more contenders, including Carly Fiorina and U.S. Senator Ted Cruz, dropped out on Tuesday. ",<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Headline:"Trump says no, says Clinton to have debates with surrogates"
Content: "WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump said on Wednesday he would skip any debates scheduled before he officially wins the Nov. 8 election but will have a chance to meet with surrogates on the debate circuit. “Well, I don’t believe I’ll be able to go to this debate,” Trump told CNN’s “State of the Union,” referring to a scheduled round of interviews with four surrogates. “If anybody has to go around and meet with one of the other opponents, then let them,” he added. ",<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Headline:Democratic Party says Trump lacks foreign policy chops
