======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 I think it will be really cool to see. This episode has been very much needed, I know it would be cool to see you guys do it. Did you get to shoot this episode while the investigation of the shooting was underway? You didn’t know this, but there’s some interesting stuff happening. There’s stuff coming from these   people that it’s a little unclear as to who they’re dealing with  —   we don’t know until the investigation is complete, which I don’t think we will be until Tuesday afternoon. Is there any danger that what you’re about to see may not happen? I just have to do everything I can do to make it happen. What surprised you the most? As we go into the investigation we’re always making these plans and these plans are always changing, so I was not surprised at all by the violence. It’s very shocking. Were you surprised to see how it developed? I’m actually surprised that a lot of what [showrunner] Scott Gimple and I talk about are such amazing violence, the best stuff I’ve seen comes from the [murder] scene. I felt the scene was so emotional at the end [of the episode]. I think everything was so real. When things are so true I'm not even trying to make something real but I think everything was so real and so true. You did have to do this scene and I was shocked, as was everybody else. I think it was a very real moment for everyone. Was this a season opener? This is the best way for me to describe it. I think the best way to describe it is it feels like Season 5 has come to an end, like there’s an unending cycle to it. You can’t go back. The finale felt so abrupt. We’ll see what happens, who’s dead and we can move on. With [Curtis], I found myself, I think I got a little tired and angry. He is very good. When are we to expect ‘Curtis’s death and Meredith’s return? I think that’s going to happen at some point. When you’re dealing with something too big for a season, I think it’s inevitable. How do you think about the way you present [Fargo] flashbacks in this finale? I’m not particularly good at writing these flashbacks I’ve done for them for the past six years. I’ve never written a lot of them so I don’t really understand [Fargo]. I was trying to make it as short and sweet and breezy as possible so everybody can watch it and catch up on the first seasons. This is the way I do it. If you were to tell your characters in this episode, do you think you’d have been able to do that? Obviously everyone would know that’s this guy. I always hope you get to do these flashbacks to this specific episode, but we haven’t shown how this show’s going to end. You have to show something next season to wrap it up. You have to wrap it up before you ever say “oh, this is over’ but in the meantime, I’m doing just fine. So why did you decide to kill off these characters? As time has faded, I think Meredith and Curtis have faded too. They’re not in these episodes anymore. I didn’t want to kill them off, I thought it was important for us to sort of close the door on them. Now their absence is all the more painful because it means the end of one chapter and the beginning of another. Do you think there’s a good reason for killing them off? I was not happy with how the second half of the season ended. I had a problem with this episode. As people were saying, ‘It was great,’ ’ I said, ‘But we did it without killing anyone. We’re still trying to figure it out, but Meredith and Curtis have died, so it’s a nice, formal way to close the chapter. It’s hard to get excited for all of the characters."<endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Headline:‘It’s a Mystery of a Novel’ - The New York Times
----------
Content:"It was only a matter of time before some mystery novelist set upon our shores of California with a story of an ancient and insatiable thirst for knowledge  —   and into our modern, technologically advanced world, where technology still fails us miserably, and we’re still trying to come to terms with the loss of innocence and innocence amid the complexities of youth and experience. In one of the less anticipated novels of 2016,
