======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 States? and the rest of the world. “To get there, we need to take the lead,? he said. After the war ended, many refugees started again in refugee camps, according to statistics provided by the United States. One man in Syria had been living for 30 years, waiting for another chance to come to Istanbul in search of work. His wife and children were finally separated, and he is now a breadwinner, helping support his wife and son. He has been allowed to return to his job at a supermarket. “It was always so scary and I didn’t know what to do, what to say,? said Mr. Abdulkarebrahm, 30, a Syrian refugee in Turkey. “When I arrived, I was scared. ? Now he has settled in the United States in a town near the Iraq border with Turkey. “I feel scared,? he said. “I have nothing left. ? Many Syrians feel the same way, but at a time when the United States is being criticized for allowing hundreds of thousands of refugees to enter, they say that all talk is talk. And they believe that a   president could actually make a difference. “The war, I was a refugee,? said Fatima Fazie, who is 29 and a medical student in Pennsylvania who fled civil war in Syria with her family. “But now I am a mother and father of four children. ? Ms. Fazie said she was shocked when she heard Mr. Trump’s comment about the refugees, which she interpreted as an attack on Islam. She’s a little younger and uneducated then, and her family was forced to leave their home in Aleppo, Syria, to find work. “I feel ashamed,? she said. “But I am proud of my baby. My baby is safe now. ? The president’s comment “started a conversation,? her mother said, adding that she told Mr. Assad, the Syrian leader, that he had to deal with “the reality? that his people were suffering. “Our country no longer has a solution,? she said, but Mr. Assad “won? the war and there is no way of changing the current. “My son is here, and he is like, ‘Who is this man? “I said, ‘Well, he is the one that helped me,’ and he said, ‘No one helped me. ’? “It’s just like a cycle about the U. S.,? she said. “They say they’re going to get rid of us, but they can’t. They’re here, and we’re stuck and we’re dying. What’s going on?? Mr. Trump made his comments after a discussion with Aya Shoufri at her wedding in February. Mr. Trump told her to give him more time to spend with her. In the video, the president also told Ms. Shoufri that “they are beautiful in their black coats,? before telling her to get a better husband. Ms. Shoufri, 33, was shocked when Mr. Trump said that. “I have a daughter who is not doing well as a princess,? she said after the meeting. “They asked me what to do about her, and I told them to be brave and be kind to their brothers, the Lebanese. ? “That’s why I love them,? she added. “They are beautiful. ? But Mr. Trump’s words did little to change her heart. “There’s a saying, and I used to read it about all the people who left the country because they were too ugly,? she said. “But you were like, ‘These people are so beautiful. ’?"<endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Headline:"In Ohio, Voters in Solidarity with Women’s Rights - The New York Times"
----------
Content:"LAGUNA NIGUEL, N. Y.  —   When she started knocking on doors a few years ago, Lena Ducey noticed there were no women she wanted to bother her with. It was a problem. Her neighborhood has long been predominantly white and male, people with a lot of money who have no interest in the issues that local women bring to the table. The issues they cared about were either ignored in small towns or simply forgotten. When Ms. Ducey did some research in her small town, the women she talked to did not support abortion rights, paid for legal contraceptives or even a family planning plan. Many were afraid to identify themselves because they had run afoul of a local church and would be shunned. And they were angry. The women felt their rights were being trampled, or taken
