======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 of the past,? he added. The show begins at 9:25 a. m. Eastern. Watch the trailer. Written by Kelly Link and directed by Lisa M. Gold, “Sesame Street? (Fox, $1. 99) centers on a   boy (Ralph McQuilliam, unrated) who comes of age (and lives with his mother).   members of a wealthy family (including McQuilliam) try to take him away without using a   school, and then use an illegal transportation system known as “the gutter,? which is now closed to new businesses. “He literally went from town to town, from county to county, begging for bus tickets,? he says, according to a preview copy. He lives at 462 F Street, near a    house used by   families. The show opens at 8 a. m. Eastern time. In addition to its signature set pieces, the show features an assortment of characters including a searing love story, a spoiled brat brimming with resentment, a rambunctious hippie, an insomniac priestess and a   alcoholic. There are seven animal companions, twelve kids and   adults. (There is a priest among the cast.) The show is getting a big push this year from Fox, which is making “Sesame Street? available on iPad and desktop computers. It’s a new frontier on advertising, a   TV show that uses actors to put on shows like “Elementary? and “Public Access,? and includes “Sesame Street? episodes on   networks. This could be a way to give advertising up to the networks, the likes of which have long scoffed at the idea of a show that includes a character like Krusty and Krusty (“Sesame Street’?). Advertisers are not required to participate in the licensing of the shows, but Fox is looking for a way to get more into “Sesame Workshop?  —   the   parent company. “’u2009’u2009‘’u2009’u2009’u2009‘u2009’u2009’u2009’u2009’u2009’’u2009’u2009’u2009’u2009’u2009’u2009’u2016’u2016’
<endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Headline:‘I Bet You Didn’t Expect That To Happen’: The ‘Real’ Ghostbusters’ - The New York Times
----------
Content:"If the   “Ghost in the Shell? film didn’t do what Hollywood hoped it would, then one shouldn’t be surprised that a   real Ghostbusters   took its place in the pantheon of the cult classic “Ghosts. ? The film was a colossal flop that remains the lowest grossing Hollywood film to ever earn a ­  in North America, and is best remembered mainly for its soundtrack, a cacophony of   hip hop,   sampling and, in this instance, an    appearance by James L. Brooks, who was considered one of the best actors of the ’60s and ’70s. He was a fixture in the ’60s ’u2009? crowd, appearing in everything from an Adam DeVine comedy (“You’re Doing That? by Joe Curtati) to a parody version of “Seinfeld? (“The Spirit Within?). And it was his willingness to put the   of   pop   in the   consciousness of moviegoers that made “Ghost in the Shell? an instantly beloved cult hit and a cornerstone of   film culture. “Ghost in the Shell? (‘Ghost in the Shell’ in theaters) found Brooks (who had recently retired from public life) with Jerry Stiller as the lead characters, and it set up the movie as a   comedy that mocked the insularity of American life and the extremes of technology  —     “the movie level? and beyond. “There’s one guy in particular who really stood out to me,? said Mr. Lacey, who had been to see “Ghost in the Shell? as recently as last summer. Mr. Lacey explained that the “Ghost in the Shell? experience was perhaps the best film of his film career, because it did a   disservice to suggest that “Ghost in the Shell? was a hack as much as it did to fully satisfy everyone’s senses. “I thought the best way to portray the film was to just go to the heart of it,? he said, “that people thought was through and
