======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 ?. ? In addition, the president and business partner Raymond Ibrahimovic —  who also has a   property in Baku —  has a reported conflict of interest of his own, with the founder of Islamic Property Holdings, a   company that operates several properties the couple reportedly bought for them. According to The New York Times, the two men have been living in a number of buildings bearing the president’s name they reportedly bought for $17. 9 billion, though no purchase was made. The report says that the Obamas had a   meeting on September 8 to discuss a potential acquisition, but that no deal was officially launched. Nevertheless, the Times report indicates that the meeting resulted in the president speaking personally and ordering the borrowing of at least one object —  an undisclosed amount of cash —  by at least one person to reduce the   to $200, 000. What Does That Deportation Do to Trump’s Presidency? Trump’s policies toward the Middle East are already highly politicized. His first major international trip as president was largely conceived in part as a response to the massive, and by most accounts highly unpleasant, demonstrations against the presence of an American president in Tel Aviv the next day. Yet Israeli public opinion surveys suggest that most Israelis, who likely see protests as a symbol of American power, do not view the protests as having accomplished anything other than creating unease in the already tense relationship between the two countries. Among those who voted for Netanyahu last November, many felt that Obama’s recent executive orders regarding Israel were too much to be true, even though Tel Aviv remains the largest city in Israel and the most densely populated country in the country that includes many immigrants. The Obamas “could do little to calm me? to feel that he was acting appropriately. Many feel, on the other hand, that the president should feel that    Israel, not the United States (not to mention Netanyahu) should be giving the Palestinians their space. Perhaps there is something to be said for the desire to create the possibility of Trump doing something different from the Obama administration. Obama’s “area of action? was a very large territory, and areas like Israel’s were often designated by the U. S. which is true even in the age of  . Yet there was never any intention to impose a   vision on Israelis, who didn’t vote for a candidate whose worldview reflected a deeply   one. In fact, Netanyahu would not have moved into Obama’s Tel Aviv property in the first place if Trump had not campaigned with Netanyahu as president in the U. S. and then pressured him to make deals. What Trump Really Wants, The idea has not spread too far, however. While Israeli media speculated about whether the Obamas secretly wanted to buy the properties for themselves in Tel Aviv, the latter has taken to calling the building “the new Trump Tower. ? In the end, it seems most likely that the Obamas decided to buy the building in order to please their American business partners in the  . What Does That Mean? The fact that Trump has two properties in Israeli prime ministery and that the president of the United States has two properties in   cities may not mean that the relationship between the world and the president of the United States will always be smooth. Trump’s sons remain involved in the company, after all. Eric Trump still have sole ownership of the company, meaning that every decision hemakes will be guided by his daughter’s plans, which is, as my colleague Alexandra de Vries pointed out, pretty unusual these days. Ivanka Trump will be carrying out much of the family’s businesses with her husband, Jared Kushner, who will be carrying out a   rollout of the family’s new residential and commercial projects. The actual details of the projects, such as their architects and materials suppliers, will likely be the key to determining whether the project qualifies as a   deal, De Vries points out. The Trump Organization’s announcement that the property would be moving forward only adds to the challenges the project presents. Trump is, by all appearances, extremely busy, and the announcement of the move was a surprise. He had promised repeatedly that he would not discuss politics with his billionaire business partners and vowed to be a faithful executioner of the new   plan. So by moving forward with the property, Trump has demonstrated just how much control he has over the outcome of such a carefully guarded process. It’s no stretch to see Trump’s conflicts of interest as a way to demonstrate just how presidential he is. On top of that, the questionable circumstances under which the Trump Organization announced the plan creates another question. The details of the deal suggest that Trump has been unwilling to consider materials the company may produce while in business with his company. On top of that, the abrupt nature of the announcement suggests that Trump has little interest in transparency, or at least seems to care. He has suggested that he
