======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 bomb the air is being turned for a terrorist group by a man with no connection to a criminal operation,” he said.   ",<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Headline:U.S. attorney general says no evidence will show Trump campaign colluded on Clinton campaign: report
Content: "NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. Attorney General Jeff Sessions will not provide any evidence to support President Donald Trump’s claim that his predecessor Barack Obama wiretapped Trump, a Washington Post report said. Sessions has declined requests by the House of Representatives Intelligence Committee to disclose any evidence, as the White House and Justice Department have asked, but the Post reported he intended to make a final statement after next week. The statement was likely to address whether a wiretap by the intelligence committee was aimed at swaying the outcome of the election or whether the White House and the Republican-led U.S. government sought to discredit information that would have vindicated Trump’s opponent, Hillary Clinton. The Post also said Sessions had ordered an end to the use of government grant money to the National Security Agency, which will stop “activities” in which foreign nationals and associates of the U.S. are targetted and in which agents have been unable to access emails. The National Security Agency is one of the most secretive of many foreign intelligence agencies and currently collects electronic communications of political figures around the world. ",<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Headline:Russia's ambassador to U.S. meets U.S. lawmakers on U.N. election meddling
Content: "LONDON (Reuters) - Russian Ambassador Alexander Hugkov discussed U.S. efforts to influence the U.N. election, U.S. attempts to influence the American presidential election and how Washington aims to undermine the U.S. election system and use cyber-technology to interfere in democracy, the U.N.’s top diplomat said in a written answer to a U.S. congressman’s inquiry. A draft resolution is expected to be approved by the U.S. House of Representatives Intelligence Committee on Thursday. A House subcommittee on Tuesday approved an eight-year Russian funding package for cyber security and elections, part of ongoing discussions with the U.N. Security Council. If ratified, the measure would go into full force in early 2020. It also authorizes Washington to block certain financing for entities it considers foreign governments’ undermining its international standing, something that would be subject to U.S. censure under existing U.S. law. “There are steps that could be taken by the United States to stop certain financing of the work of U.N. Secretary General (on elections) and of the U.N. elections commission,” Hugkov told reporters in London. He said Russia would not support any efforts to influence the U.S. electoral process. A Trump administration would oppose any effort to undermine the legitimacy of the U.S. electoral system and undermine its ability to protect citizens who cast ballots for Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton. “On the basis of this agreement that Russia is imposing sanctions on the United States of America on our electoral process, we will never allow the situation that we have,” Trump said, according to a statement. Russia’s U.N. ambassador on Tuesday warned Congress that any move to impose sanctions on Russia in response to hacking would spark severe retaliation from President Vladimir Putin. It is up to Congress, he said, to decide whether to renew the 2015 Magnitsky law that imposed sanctions on Russia for human rights abuses.  ",<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Headline:Trump’s choice for U.S. national security adviser will not disclose conflicts of interest
Content: "WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump’s choice for national security adviser, retired Marine Corps General Joseph Dunford, on Wednesday said he would not disclose his financial conflicts or have a conflict of interest in his White House job, a move that was welcomed by Democrats and critics of the administration. Senate Democratic Leader Charles Schumer said the “conflict of interest” created by the appointment to the post caused him “great concern” and would have left U.S. national security as Trump’s “worst nightmare”. In an interview with a local news outlet, Dunford, 64, said he would not disclose conflicts of interest, a response to a question about whether he would run an organization that provides support to Syrian refugees and has a Syrian military base. Dunford did not rule out joining military service in the U.S. Marines, but said he would not seek to fight in warzones “because I didn’t have the skills to do it.” “These aren’t, and I won’t be the one to tell you, and I
