======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 option to be an inmate, not an employee. In fact, the   of the department that deals with inmates has an unwritten rule about who is allowed to remain in solitary confinement. “It’s the policy of the jail that inmates should be allowed to visit their attorneys,? says Eric Toder, who handles appeals for people who are being held in county jails. “We don’t want to discourage them because of their visits or counsel. ? He adds, “The goal is to keep them from communicating directly with the outside world or the prison. ? “If they were able to leave, they could talk to their lawyer —  and probably testify,? he says, adding, “It would tell the judge the details of what happened in the cell. ? But as it turns out, most corrections officers don’t have the option to transfer inmates. The solitary confinement exception is usually found in the warden or superintendent’s discretion clause. This rule was not in force at any time when the federal Department of Justice investigated jails or county jails. It remains in place now, in part because corrections officers are paid so little that no benefits were offered when a person was sent to solitary confinement, and in part because it’s difficult to find an   county jail. But as long as the policy continues to attract inmates, it will add to the costs of policing and costing the taxpayers of Alabama, Mississippi, and Tennessee, as well as the states that contract with the department. Inmates are especially sensitive to the way it affects the social bonding that takes place in the community, says Toder, who was briefly a corrections officer and supervisor at two of the state’s biggest JA’s before he and fellow officers began to protest. “Many of you who are here are older, and there are a lot of things that we are going to depend on you to do,? Toder recalls telling an inmate who was held at a facility near Trenton, Pennsylvania. “They are not the type of person who would feel sad or hopeless if their parents had no idea where they came from or how they came from. ? Many Americans already have some of the privileges afforded to federal inmates if they are released —  among them, having to pay for the privilege at penance. But it’s more than that. “Without a federal jurisdiction, I don’t think you could go any more than $50, 000 a year in prison if you were incarcerated,? says Toder. “They would charge you $2, 500 to $4, 000 a year for the privilege. ? Meanwhile, Toder describes an institutional culture in which nearly all inmates are  . He believes the policy’s retention provisions constitute an abuse of the   rule to deny certain individuals their due process rights. “The problem is not in the fact that they will only hold people who are truly dangerous, violent, or if they are criminals,? says Toder, citing the prison industrial complex in Detroit, Michigan. “The problem is that in practice, the policy in place makes it clear that individuals convicted of violent crimes against the United States will only be housed in maximum security, even though there is nothing in the civil rights of the individual to freedom of movement or of speech that prevents him or her from moving to other jurisdictions. ? In the Alabama case, the ACLU of Alabama and several of the lawyers involved in the litigation are now fighting to increase the minimum sentence for federal drug offenses for nonviolent drug offenders in federal   facilities to   federal facilities to community settings. The policy —  which, among other things, restricts the types of drugs a person can be held for —  violates their due process guarantees, they claim. Additionally, the policy limits prison facilities’ ability to accommodate large numbers of mentally ill, and is costly. Even those with clear mental abnormalities are subject to mandatory minimum sentences of 20 years in prison. The policy also disproportionately impacts people of color incarcerated in the county jails because they may not have access to the resources and the commitment of either kind of correctional officer. In reality, it further compresses the state penal system, and disproportionately impacts people of color. It also impacts taxpayers and taxpayers by requiring more substantial financial costs of keeping such inmates, and by stripping away a substantive deterrent of spending millions each year on policing at state and federal facilities."<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Headline:The Rise of the ’Alt-Right’
----------
Content:"The term “alt? is the        term used to describe a subset of the racist   movement which emerged as a result of George Lappin’s “think alike? activism. The movement was initially inspired by the civil rights agitation and legal challenges of the 1960s, but also included a range of groups including white supremacists,   racists, and   a movement founded on
