======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 president Donald Trump’s executive order to restrict travel to the United States by nearly two million travelers from six predominantly Muslim countries. The order’s legal context includes a number of federal court cases, which have held that it is not the federal government’s role to limit travel from Muslims and a number of similar cases in states, including Florida and Nebraska. While the order could be the first government action aimed at preventing refugees from entering our country, this is the most controversial aspect of its implementation. The president claimed that it was a ban on Muslims that Muslims “don’t accept? of a Muslim majority belief. That claim is not only false but also contrary to decades of history of law enforcement, judicial rulings, and other factors that determine why the order was issued. The federal and state courts have long considered a combination of political and religious liberty protection to be narrowly tailored. The same is true for the executive order —  the president claimed that the order was about targeting Islam, but the court upheld that claim. A federal judge in Florida who initially ruled over the travel ban last fall found in favor of the administration. The same may not apply in the future. Trump’s executive order, which seeks to make it illegal for people to admit Muslims from four predominantly Christian countries, “has been in effect, and has been widely interpreted, since its issuance. ? Trump’s executive order raises no immediate constitutional issues. It is, in essence, a combination of legislative and judicial actions that are constitutional. It also imposes a constitutional duty on federal government officials to “consider the national interest and . ..    to enforce the Constitution ? in weighing its constitutionality. The fact that the executive order appears to be based on a   doctrine, rather than on an entirely   set of constitutional protections, also seems a significant departure from the standard interpretation of the court, according to the court’s Chief Justice John Roberts. “The president’s executive order is a    statute of limitations,? Roberts wrote, “the law is written to extend from the issuance of the law to the present moment of its execution. ? Trump and his supporters have claimed that the   order is meant to ban Muslim immigration but the statute clearly would exempt it from constitutional protection. But the courts have held that such a statute underlies the executive order, meaning that it doesn’t create an individual right for Muslims to temporarily stay —  a possibility that could be appealed, especially once one appeals court hears a challenge. The order’s rollout was not meant to be a ban on Muslim immigration, it’s clearly one that targets Muslims —  a policy that Trump himself supports. The decision on the injunction was a   decision, and the court said in a brief decision that it wouldn’t allow a case to proceed because the government’s concern that a “Muslim ban based on religious discrimination would result in ‘a major invasion of religious freedom’ and in ‘a significant violation of the equal protection’ of the Fourteenth Amendment’ and of the Fifth Amendment’. In a statement, Trump said that judges should consider the federal government’s concerns in deciding whether a law passed by Congress is constitutional, given the   vetting process, including the need to assess the national interest in continuing to support immigration. “Judge Andrew Napolitano gave a letter to a court officer which is a sworn statement as written and written,? he said, “‘The government is a partner of this new policy and we are very happy to be helping. ’? The ban would have been issued on the first of June, which would have triggered the issuance of a new executive order, according to legal experts. The order would have applied to citizens of these countries for three years, before it was suspended. On its website, the Obama administration had allowed those in the six majority Muslim countries to enter the country for five years, and that the ban was a policy that was “not targeted at a particularly sensitive religious event or event that had caused particular concern. ? The court rejected Trump’s argument that the executive order was unconstitutional and in violation of the due process and equal protection clauses of the Constitution. “Congress did not pass this   statute of limitation,? the court said. “It enacted an act that was enacted to do exactly what the statute itself stated the statute’s purpose. ? Court records show that at least some judges have questioned whether the executive order applied from the inception of its issuance through its end. But constitutional questions have repeatedly arisen since the order’s issuance, and many of them have been raised by conservatives seeking to constrain some of its application. The Obama administration’s executive order in 2014 effectively extended the federal refugee law of the program. The court’s   decision issued in 2014 allowed the government to suspend the policy until this time. On Wednesday, the Court of Appeals for the District
