======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 raise his tax, and Trump has long said that it’s not a Republican issue it’s a Democratic one. ? “We have a really good   Democratic attorney general Jeff Sessions and a really good Democratic attorney general Loretta Lynch, so that’s going to be the final nail in the coffin for   Democrats now,? said Sean Ryan, a senior politics and advocacy adviser at the AFL-CIO. The party was divided when Sessions was appointed to the Senate last month. Sessions had previously indicated that he would recuse himself from the investigation into contact between the Trump administration and the Russian government. But on Tuesday, after Ryan noted that Sessions had never been formally charged with a crime, White House officials announced that he would step down and would not immediately lose his gavel. After Ryan’s briefing, House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi and other Democrats made their own announcement on Tuesday night. Pelosi on Tuesday said that “I was very proud of my husband and our country. He was a loyal,   member of the Senate.   …     What we’re saying is that Sessions is fully committed to continuing his mission as the top law enforcement officer in the nation —  and, if confirmed, he is fully committed to pursuing a united front in this special corner of the country. ? But the announcement came soon after a New Jersey Governor took credit for the governor’s decision to stay on as executive. “I’ve said that Sessions has been amazing over the years,? said Bergen County Executive Oren Shapp. “My point being, he is the governor of Alaskawaska, and he is in the   in the House of Representatives and he is in charge of those issues. He has a commitment to the rule of law as well as respect for the U. S. Constitution. There’s no doubt in my mind that he will be a tremendous asset. ?"<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Headline:Why the New Administration Is Taking More Money From   Organizations
----------
Content:"The recent National Prayer Breakfast and the latest White House briefing highlight growing concern over government consolidation across the   spectrum. Many conservatives and advocates of conservative policies oppose the consolidation and have argued that there should be a constitutional amendment that would prevent government from making such big   decisions. But to Republicans and conservatives who oppose the direction of federal spending, that seems like a problem from which no one has seen a solution —  not so much from conservatives who support a lower deficit. “This is an unprecedented time for the federal government,? House Speaker Paul Ryan said in a statement Saturday morning. “It’s not okay to have the government take more of your tax money, your hard earned dollars, and your retirement savings and redistribute them back to taxpayers. ? Trump, who has railed against Democrats for opposing the budget deal, said, “We are going to be a country at war with the Democrats and   globalists. I’m against Hillary Clinton and I want you to be very much into the country at war. The war will happen in two months. ?  While it’s unclear which Trump is referring to (“radical Islamic terrorism?) the   Heritage Foundation report indicates a sharp increase in religious conflict in recent years in America and a decrease in religiosity since 2008. “In the past few years, a rise in the number of Americans with high levels of religious intensity has come from the Religious Right and often the United States Peace and Security Council (PUCCS) as well as the National Organization for Marriage and Unions,? said the report. “Over the past decade, the number of the [National Organization for Marriage] has gotten very small as a result of the wars and riots in the city,? said a senior political analyst at the organization. “They have also become less religious. ? The rise in religiosity coincides with drops in political engagement. The Pew Research Center finds that half of Americans today are dissatisfied with government “and are optimistic about the direction of the country? —  down from 63 percent in 2007. Among Republicans, that number is 51 percent in July and only 38 percent in August. There are some signs of increased skepticism, however, among this group —  especially those who identify as skeptical of   globalism. Some 60 percent of Republicans think the U. S. will be better off if a warmer world is driven to the Arctic and tropical lands, according to the same Pew Research Center analysis. The majority of Republicans, 56 percent, were optimistic about China, China’s influence is important to the   global order. And 64 percent of Republicans who voted against the Republican Party said “We need to have strong alliances in the Middle East. ? “I’m not exactly a skeptic either because I think it can work, or an apologist,? said a
