======== SAMPLE 1 ========
, in her      fashion. ? But on a day of revelry, when her    jeans were sashimi style, and her new Mercedes SUV sported leather seats and leather cargo seats, there was another level to the show, something more akin to performance sport. Like no other show in Los Angeles in recent memory, this one didn’t miss and have some of the season’s most critically acclaimed designers turn up in Tokyo and New York to bathe in the style in the latest incarnation of the    club, and in the same fashion,   celebrities like Naomi Campbell and Naomi  —   and the            —   troika  —   had an earful. The show, a collaboration of a dozen designers, was the latest in a long line of collaborations between designers and Hollywood stars, many of whom had also worn Versace, for the last   season, in addition to their regular show in Miami and its sister show in January in New York. A collection featuring the model and New Age luminary Adele DelGrosso, who won the title of best model in the 2008 season, had a    double bill on show. Mr. DelGrosso, 41, the owner of the popular adidas New Era collection, did in fact pose for pictures next to Ms. Chan, in what some speculated about be a display of their shared past in Manhattan, that they didn’t get to dress up like a man at that one, in 2013, too. “Not much has changed since a couple of years ago,? Mr. DelGrosso, who was seen here in the same black and white striped    trouser suit, said later. He continued in an interview, “there has been definitely a change in fashion trends, as opposed to two or three years ago. ? He also added that the clothes, as well as the fashion, “are very much on the same page. ? Ms. Chan and Mr. DelGrosso have said that their relationship is “somewhat romantic . .. a little distant. ? He added of the Versace collaborations, “I see myself as the son of a woman. ? Mr. DelGrosso, who has a brother on Manhattan Fashion Week magazine and who was once the executive vice president of Vogue, the magazine she founded, had a brief and rocky relationship with fashion after Ms. Yang left her role in 2009. When Ms. Yang, a former Giorgio Armani and Dolce  Gabbana, was appointed senior vice president in 2011, it was Mr. DelGrosso, who for several seasons has led New Era, and Ms. Chan, who had been one of the few designers not to work with the new collective, that he looked to represent New Era. Now, though, they’re separate stars."<endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Headline:What If We All Just Knew What Trump Was Saying? - The New York Times
----------
Content:"By the late afternoon on Wednesday, the news that President Trump, in a tweet on Wednesday evening, had called for a federal investigation into links between the president’s associates and Russia was recast as a tale of false news. In a day of stunning   news, it was the first time we had a president who had made outlandish statements without proof. The president’s tweets came just hours after his press secretary, Sean Spicer, said a special counsel had been appointed to look into the matter, and just as the president’s aides, including Mr. Trump’s son,   and senior adviser, Steve K. Bannon, were putting the finishing touches to Mr. Bannon’s  . Mr. Trump fired off a tweet at 5:30 p. m. one minute after his first inaugural address had begun. He was roundly criticized after that remark, which he called a plea for the United States to pay for the Russian investigation. The New York Times found just eight members of Mr. Trump’s team had any knowledge of the investigations or any evidence of their existence when they took over the White House this week, and three aides said that “there is no ongoing federal investigation into any contacts between President Trump and Russia, period. ? Asked directly Wednesday why Mr. Trump had tweeted his tweet, the White House counsel, Donald F. McGahn, said on Wednesday, “It was part of his normal tweeting behavior, and it was highly inappropriate. ? By the time Mr. O’Reilly and Kellyanne Conway, Mr. Trump’s spokeswoman, went to   Mr. Spicer, the president’s press secretary, Sean Spicer, then sat at his desk. Mr. Spicer did not answer a subsequent request for clarification. Mr. Trump’s     style appeared to have something to do
