======== SAMPLE 1 ========
ECs), which have been banned in various countries as being incompatible with Islam. It’s unclear exactly what Trump is referring to, but according to the International Association of Genocide Scholars, the   group, is part of a list of nations that are not part of the Western Group of countries the U. S. has designated as “Restricted Internet Routes,? which means that, barring some sort of technical workaround, the information on the list should not be copied or shared. This means that a violation will result in sanctions. And, depending on the countries on which the violation happens, the consequences can vary: Some countries on the list are   other countries are considered “Regional Internet Exceptions,’? which means that, if someone violates the rule they could be subject to censure by the local government. The U. S. has an official list of countries in the   the list includes Turkey for example. The list only applies to national security concerns: A violation of the rule could be punished in Turkey as being a breach of the country’s allegiance. It’s not the only country on the list: Belarus and Georgia have also been cited as having problematic Internet habits. Even the issue of Syrian refugees having access to the Internet appears to have been addressed by President Trump’s executive order: The U. S. has temporarily banned all Syrians from entering the country for 120 days while it assesses whether their entry would pose any security risks. These six countries, with about a   of the world’s population and about half of all refugees each, are why one of the critics who pushed for the ban is the Australian Federal Government’s current immigration spokesman, Jason Kenney. In fact, Kenney was one of the main architects of the policy and became one of the most vocal in the U. S. for years. As The Australian reported in December, this would almost certainly happen: When Kenney was serving as the country’s chief immigration spokesman in 2011, he said to The Australian, “I think we are about five years out of date on the immigration situation in the USA. ? The argument that these   people are causing terrorism here is, unfortunately, a familiar one: If we were   terrorists with bombs, we wouldn’t be blowing ourselves up now. But the problem is that these extremists don’t like our religion, don’t respect our politics, and don’t like our way of life. It doesn’t look healthy when you look at the data, and you look at the  : When I think of ISIS and ISIS, I think of all of the things that do. ISIS doesn’t look like anything Western. But ISIS makes some of us look like this.    : In the 1980s, I went on a bombing expedition under the command of   a few weeks after we had done some testing in Afghanistan. A year later, we were still doing something as a joint   unit. We were doing this. It was my first time in a bombed out Afghanistan. My first time in a bombed out Iraq. In Afghanistan, we were doing this. Then we bombed people out but the enemy survived. It was the same thing here. There was a Taliban and Afghan police, and this is the kind of place that might get bombed. Then Afghanistan got bombed. In the 1980s we bombed civilians, but sometimes you just find people still alive. It’s like, “That’s where we went. ? Now, it’s Afghanistan again. Because of that, I go back to Afghanistan, and I think of all the refugees who were there. They stayed there. The same way I go back to Afghanistan now, I thank them so much. Because even though I went to the United States, I found out that I don’t know America, but I love America, and we have a lot in common. In 1980, I was a little bit worried about communism, communism, communism, communism. But I think that if we’re not careful what happens in the U. S., we might as well be careful. I think I would be so much more if I was very careful, but I am too worried about things. The last two years in America, I think we should be wiser about how we talk about national security, but I am not sure that would do it any good, so I don’t think it’s worth worrying about. Maybe I sound a little anxious about America here. Here’s an anecdote: In 1990, I was a radio reporter in Washington, D. C. And I was a little nervous about America. It was more the place that gave me nervousness. I had been trained to be very careful and I was not very careful and I thought that I felt like that at times I thought that I was becoming more and more critical to people. There was a man
