======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 Baker, a political science professor at Florida State University. It was an event that reflected how Republicans were trying to appeal to a   voting bloc that is now the biggest political force in the country, a group that is  hard to reach. Some Republicans and supporters have suggested that if Democrats win the election, it will help ensure that the next president is not a Republican. If Republicans gain control of the House, the Senate and the White House, that dynamic may fade to allow Republicans to have more control of the government and give them more   to try to address all of the issues that matter to voters. There will be another special election to replace Ms. Hickenbough, a   Democrat, next year. But if Republicans turn back, Mr. Obama will return to the Senate, taking control of the Senate and House Republican majorities, as usual.  To some Democrats, this was a strange turnabout. But Mr. Reid, the majority leader, said this was nothing new. “It’s not just political,? Mr. Reid said. He likened Mr. Obama’s pivot toward the White House to an abrupt shift toward his own office. When Mr. Obama won the election in 2012, Mr. Reid said he was happy in his seat. Now, Democrats know that he may have to run for  ’s seat from his   one time, and Mr. Reid’s task is bigger. But there is little appetite for a mid-term Democrat to face Mr. Pelosi, a   Democrat. It could not be the first time that Democrats hope to regain the House. They failed to retake the House in 2010,  but Republicans were able to use their legislative clout to regain control of the chamber, in 2012 they lost only modest seats, and Democrats control Congress in both houses. “This could be a turning point,? Mr. Reid said. But the political climate is less favorable to Democrats now. When Mr. Reid was asked whether he would run for another seat, he replied no. And Democrats on the Senate are even less popular as senators. In the House, a new House Democrat, Representative Steny Hoyer, in a race Mr. Reid might not be interested in, is facing a challenge from Rep. Tammy Baldwin, a member of the Energy and Commerce Committee who is running to be the next  . In a special election, Ms. Baldwin has a clear shot at winning, but the polls so far show Ms. Baldwin has more of Mr. Reid’s base. She has not been as strong as his on Mr. Obama’s agenda, such as the health law, but she has been a thorny issue for Mr. Reid. Republicans also are trying to appeal to conservative activists by tapping into their support for a more populist message. But on immigration policies, Mr. Reid and Mr. Paul are sharply at odds. Republicans think that Mr. Ryan broke along party lines, in a move that allowed Mr. Obama to avoid having to work for Mr. Obama. That line has largely evaporated, according to recent polls. And Mr. Reid is likely to face pressure from Mr. Paul to back away from his position. Even with a win for Mr. Reid, it could prove to be harder to keep the White House."<endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Headline:How to Turn the Tide For Bernie - The New York Times
----------
Content:"WASHINGTON  —   No matter which president takes office in January, there is a certain inevitability that many voters would like to see as possible.  The Sanders campaign has been going along without much drama  —   at least rhetorically  —   and polls have been going in for months, and Democrats are feeling some pain of their own. But now the Bernie campaign is feeling even more as it has begun to become a more organized organization and to recruit some of the party’s top activists. The latest twist comes over their continued pursuit of Elizabeth Warren, the senator from Massachusetts who has been the most outspoken of the liberal   activists in persuading the party’s leading   to support her running as an independent. Ms. Warren could be a powerful force, pushing her fellow progressives to take a page from the playbook of Senator Bernie Sanders, the former    senator from Vermont, and back him as an independent. The Democratic National Committee said on Wednesday that it will start investigating the possibility that she could run for   in 2018  —   a first step in that process. Mr. Sanders, who has never endorsed someone else, has not commented publicly on his plans for 2020, but there is no question the political tides are changing. Democrats are in a difficult position: Their strong support within the party should prevent an effort by Mr. Sanders to challenge Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton, and even stronger party leaders are willing to work with Mr. Reid and others to figure out what to do. And of course, there are many in
