======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 in his campaign and his transition. But he has yet to provide evidence. In his book, Trump outlined several ways he intends to run the agency: as a standalone, as part of a consortium led by his daughter, and as president himself. These are all plausible, but Trump seems more interested in the stories of the agencies he inherited —  which he called “disgraceful. ? The only way to tell them is by watching what they do. What he has shown so far is that the agencies he inherits are going to do much more. The idea that there is an agency with a budget that is more involved with the environment or science or technology. That has been one of the more controversial tenets of Trump’s   campaign. But there are no compelling reasons to believe that there’s a greater, deeper pool of reporters, producers, and thinkers who can do the same. That has been one of the better reasons to see the agencies that inherit his funds. He has shown in these first weeks of his presidency that he is willing to pick and choose, when that’s how it works. The answer is not to pick and choose, but to recognize they really are a part of it."<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Headline:Can the U.S. Military Kill ISIL With a Bomb?
----------
Content:"Theoretically, it was true that the U. S. military’s raid on a compound frequented by U. S. fighters in Yemen last month was the first documented instance of an enemy using civilians as human shields. Though the raid was conducted in an area where civilian casualties are rare, the story raises questions about the planning and coordination required to accomplish what? Even if the Trump administration can dismantle the current authorization process, it will still be a large military operation. And it will be a   operation, with a heavy contingent of   units tasked to kill as many civilians as possible. What’s more, the military’s mission is usually to conduct attacks of   significance —  a key element in any   counterterrorism strategy. It’s difficult to know what kind of consequences the airstrike might have, or whether the strikes will be sufficiently strong to stop potential terrorist attacks. In the Yemen case, for example, it’s possible that the airstrike might inspire people inside the United States to act to commit an act of terrorism. This kind of attack would likely provoke strong protests from some groups inside the U. S. that would reverberate outside the country —  whether from the Yemeni populace at the time, or their neighbors over time, or those neighboring countries whose influence Trump may emulate. In the Yemen case, there are clear strategic interests that are inextricably intertwined with what it means to defeat the Islamic State. It’s no coincidence that the United States has fought a protracted and often controversial war in its own backyard involving an immense number of specialties, from counterterrorism to special operations to intelligence, and the deployment of lethal force against militants based there. There was the temptation to apply pressure —  as the Obama administration did, and the Trump administration is now doing —  on the Islamic State in Yemen. But in general, American policymakers, and anyone paying attention, have rarely seen the strategic incentives for doing nothing as powerful an incentive as leverage. Even when terrorists are inspired by   ideologies, for example, there is much less incentive for them to commit violence inside the United States in the first place. And terrorist threats are still alarmingly common. What Trump lacks, however, is a sense of the enemy. When he speaks, his language can be easily derided by critics as “ ? or “ ? rhetoric. When he reads, his   sentiments become more clearly expressed. The president speaks often to a small group of followers in his life of 18 months. What Trump lacks is a sense of the enemy. In this case, he might be missing the larger context that the White House is clearly intent on playing into. It would be prudent for the Trump administration to make every attempt to understand and understand the dynamics of the deep current of alarm among Sunni Muslims around an   rise of   extremism in the Middle East. There is a long tradition in Sunni militancy of defending religious pluralism, against   attacks.   has historically been a weapon of mass destruction.   is always “the enemy.? The threat posed by   terrorism derives from Islam. But what does the Quran offer about the origins of jihad? The Quran offers the “moderate? interpretation of jihad as a form of violent jihad. The violent, radical version is opposed by Muslims, who are quick to condemn both the violent use of violence and to demand to understand the roots of the religious jihad involved in a violent  . The violent use of violence is a core part of   extremism, which seeks to convert Muslims to a particular kind of violent jihad. An examination of the history of   violence
