======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 reported to have spent a greater percentage of his or her campaign money on ads that favored Republicans and Democratic candidates than on ads that targeted Republicans or Democrats. The   expenditure, however, did not equal the $1. 5 million he spent in January 2008 during the second primary season, when Clinton, an avowed liberal, was the overwhelming favorite —  and “only? the favorite —  of Republicans. As the Democrats imploded in 2008, Clinton’s poll numbers declined and his ranking among Democrats fell. In 2013, he won the most votes in a single primary season, narrowly beating Biden. After his loss in the 2008 primary, an increasingly bitter primary race against President Clinton in 2016 gave Hillary Clinton the momentum she needed to win and steal his seat for his second term. Clinton’s victory was not all vindication of Clinton’s oft repeated claims, however. Clinton scored poorly among whites without a college degree who had voted in 2008, a place he had not been in years. The candidate of the Trump administration seems determined to erase that support, and to make sure that his most important target does all the damage he has done to Democrats’ hopes of recapturing the White House. Trump is a man of his word, and one who has flouted and disregarded rules in order to push his agenda. That could be his undoing. He may have taken a   stance on trade, but the damage was much   —  especially for African Americans and Latinos, who have had their voting prospects put at risk by past attacks on their economic status. Sanders has suggested he is more progressive, but his progressive beliefs have no relationship to Clinton or to Trump. Yet Clinton’s defeat in 2008 came because of a significantly stronger campaign —  the kind of strong organizing Clinton did. Obama, too, emphasized the importance of campaign infrastructure, education, health care,   jobs, and   families. Clinton, on the other hand, prioritized less conventional   initiatives, and he also understood the value of   work. One of Clinton’s top challenges in 2008 was the problem of a campaign stocked with activists, but one that, while it was losing a great many voters, was running on the message that it was not time to let “the little people? run the show. The problems with this approach, according to Clinton confidants, were obvious: Organized by a single candidate, the activists found they had little or no effective support, little inroads, and most dramatically, few political victories. Clinton’s response, and her ability to win over the radical segment of his base who embraced her, was to tap into the political class to get them out and out of Congress. Clinton’s success came on the back of some powerful personal stories of campaigning: the   activist Elizabeth Steinhauser of New York City; the wealthy philanthropist Ayn Rand; and the   activist and billionaire Peter Thiel. What Clinton’s experience meant for his campaign is also worthy of note. The primary task of Sanders’s presidential campaign was to push back, and make it clear that he would be seeking a second term. He did, and did so in a manner that benefited every voter of all races. Clinton’s experience, on the other hand, was in the White House, but it was unique in that he had never before held elected office. “As you could imagine,? the New York Times reported in November 1992, “her first few weeks of office, she was in the   with the president’s team, and she was not very popular in the Democratic base. ? As her tenure wore on, Clinton’s ratings declined, and she earned less than half of the support she earned at the start of the primaries. Her performance in 1992 helped her husband, Bill Clinton, and her time became increasingly lonely as her tenure wore on. Eventually, she lost her own footing. As a woman leading an organization opposing abortion rights, she was a key ally for Hillary Clinton. As the abortion issue went from her peak, Clinton’s approval rating declined sharply. But as Kathleen Sebelius and Amanda Taub put it in the Washington Post in December 2015, “Clinton’s tenure as   advocate didn’t end well for her. ? Clinton’s White House performance, now viewed as a role model for President Trump, earned Clinton some criticism as well: “When you’re the head of an administration, you have to build consensus on things like the importance of community policing, on the importance of reporting, on the importance of diversity. But you also have to be president on issues that are really tough. They have to be sensitive, and they have to be bold. ? Clinton’s presidency also had many policy ideas Clinton liked to tinker with, such as reducing federal spending on   public assistance, which he has now proposed an increase in Medicaid. Clinton eventually backed down on the
