======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 there:   . ? He continued, “It’s better for us to have a strong economic recovery, but if our economy continues to get crushed by excessive regulation and excessive taxation, it’s a recipe for disaster. ? He said he was not sure what to make of the White House’s stance toward the United Nations. “I’m generally supportive of the United Nations, of what they do, but I don’t know the logic, the rationale, of going there constantly just to intimidate, to control. ? Mr. Trump’s daughter Ivanka Trump is a senior adviser at the Commerce Department and has played a major role in the global rollout of Mr. Trump’s proposed agenda. In her role at the Department of Commerce, she has implemented her father’s plan to curb the   financial system, a   of the order, and has helped broker an   between President Trump and Prime Minister Shinzo Abe of Japan on an International Monetary Fund loan for the United States. Ms. Trump has also helped arrange meetings with industry executives, such as those with the menard company. In private conversations over the last month, she and others at the White House have sought to smooth over the strained relationship between the new administration and the business community generally. But some experts wonder whether the    meeting with Japanese officials, or the plan to cut regulations, will be of much use if Mr. Trump sticks to his guns  —   nyet     policies that, as of Saturday, had left him a   . Mr. Trump’s daughter Ivanka and Mr. Trump’s son-in-law, Jared Kushner, are also major advisers on how to help American corporations, such as an arrangement that she created between the president and the chief executives of some of the country’s largest companies. As the world visited Mr. Trump for the first time this weekend, there was some question of whether he was ready for   foreign policy. But on the phone call with Mr. Abe on Friday night, he emphasized the need for stronger ties with Japan  —   one he also reiterated  —   and called on the two leaders to help preserve peace in Asia. “I want to be able to assure Japan that there will be continued peace, security and stability in the future,? Mr. Trump said on the call, described to associates by a person who was not authorized to discuss the call and by reporters. “And I want Japan to be able to provide security for its citizens, so that’s what I want to talk to them about, and to keep them informed. ? While Mr. Trump made a brief   of foreign policy at the weekend at   courses held in New Jersey, Florida and other locations, he was less expansive during   sessions in Florida, where he was joined by Nikki R. Haley, the United States ambassador to the United Nations, and Mr. Trump’s daughter Ivanka. At a breakfast on Saturday morning in the State Department reception hall, diplomats gathered for a gaggle on state visits and the country’s security threats, among other topics. Mr. Trump did not speak during the gathering, though he was briefed during the reception. “For the most part, we were very constructive, but there were a few  . ? Asked by journalists on Saturday if he thought Japan faced any serious challenges, Mr. Trump said, “We have to be smart as a country. ? He added, “It’s probably the first person I have met who has made me say, ‘It’s going to be so easy to fix this. ’?"<endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Headline:Trump Is Pushing a Better View of an Unemployed Economy - The New York Times
----------
Content:"WASHINGTON  —    President Trump said at a news conference on Friday that the American workers he has promised to protect are struggling despite his populist campaign promises. “They are,? Mr. Trump said. “They make a living going out and working two or three jobs and can’t even defend their family anymore. They lose their house they lose their 401( k). They can’t even defend their workplace and that’s because they got taken advantage of. ?"<endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Headline:"As the Trump Factor Casts a Spotlight on ‘The New York Times’ - The New York Times"
----------
Content:"LOS ANGELES  —   The Times is now a   powerhouse, a respected global news source once more, a force in its own right. But one institution is not much of a draw: its circulation, well, is. And that is no longer likely to help  —   or impress  —   the vast majority of readers. The Times circulation
