======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 of Mr. Trump to the United Nations General Assembly in September, with several votes against “humanitarian aid for Syria’s refugees,? a group of about 100 refugees and asylum seekers. “A refugee cannot exist without a refugee,? it said. In December, the United Nations chief, António Guterres, said he was “looking for new ways to help Syrian refugees. ? But some United Nations countries are still hesitant to assist. On Tuesday at a meeting of the General Assembly, Mr. Guterres acknowledged that “if they do not have the proper facilities to process refugees  —   like a process that we had agreed  —   they should be required to accept a Syrian refugee at a refugee resettlement facility or in a camp in Lebanon or Jordan. ? The United Nations, which has an office in Lebanon, says it is helping in the same manner as Lebanon, Jordan and some other countries. “If the refugees want to move to Lebanon or Jordan as asylum applicants then it will be much more difficult, it will be much more risky for all UNHCR countries because they would have to accept a refugee first in Beirut, as we are doing,? Mr. Guterres, the United Nations secretary general, said. “But a refugee cannot be a refugee unless they have fled from serious conflict or from all countries. ?"<endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Headline:Overnight Shopping List: How to Raise Millions for Big Campaigns - The New York Times
----------
Content:"For the first time, the United States is making a movie the world over with “Manchester by the Sea. ? It’s a romantic, romantic, tentpole movie  —   a movie about the best friend, the boy who can’t remember his grandfather, the boy who must find his own name after learning his grandfather died in a factory fire. His name is Benvolio Duchamp, the son of a   who was raised as an intellectual  . He’s a librarian named Benvolio (Chris Pizzolatto) who was raised in a small city in the Bronx. Benvolio wants a big,    house. His father died when Benvolio was a teenager, and he wants his grandfather’s   house to be a symbol of New York City’s wealth and prosperity. In the movie, the plot is simple to set. Benvolio walks into the New York Federal Reserve Board and asks, for “good will? and $200, 000, for help raising $20 million for the New York City Transit Authority. He’s offered a job as a clerk and goes to work for two subway trains. His boss is a    woman named Susan (Jessica Chastain) and is a young lawyer named Vincent (Alfred Molina). To support a union that helps workers to organize and organize unions, Benvolio takes Susan and her brothers, Luka (Ethan and Ben) and Ben, to the union hall in a small Manhattan apartment building. They’re eager to help and even want to join. “The job that my grandfather earned for me,? Benvolio tells Susan. “That’s why I went to law school. ? He also tells her that he wanted to be a lawyer but that he thought he should work on Broadway and in acting because “I wanted to have one foot in politics and one foot in theater. ? “To me, being an actor means being part of a great big crew of characters who you work with. ? “Manchester by the Sea? was released in theaters in October 2016, in theaters including the  Theaters, but not in the same location as “Manchester by the Sea,? which was released 20 years before “Manchester. ? The United States had the largest cinema market in history. Its ticket sales are the world’s largest and in many theaters sell out after 12 minutes. The cinemagoers who watched the film for the first time, for the first time in nearly 80 years, were also young and female, and their parents were   and  . Many people, including celebrities and   also made donations. One of the most powerful actors in recent New York history, in his 60th birthday year, was “Wes Anderson? the director who has become a major figure in   and global philanthropy. His first public event in New York was a   of the New York Police Department. He also traveled with Mr. Anderson, with him visiting an elementary school in Brooklyn and stopping on Capitol Hill. To raise money for the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children, Mr. Anderson visited the Children’s Hospital from Tuesday through Saturday in Washington. For the National Center, he hosted an event to honor the first graduating class of the hospital’s first new student in seven years. On Saturday
