======== SAMPLE 1 ========
  in 2015 from the United Arab Emirates where he had held a top government post. His    daughter, Sultana, is a U. S. citizen. Despite the distance, Sultana’s relationship with the President is not unique to Dubai: The couple’s children are citizens as are three other children in Dubai who were born there, as well as three nieces, an uncle, his sisters, and an uncle. “Our government is so transparent it’s so easy to look the other way,? Mohamed told a conference in 2015. “And that’s just not doing anything. ? In 2007, Trump and Sultana’s father, Richard, died of a heart attack, causing widespread chaos at the country’s airports and an outpouring of grief. Before his death, Sultana was the sole citizen with status in Dubai. That changed in 2015. The first citizens arriving at the airport would receive a green card, and their cases would be handled by an embassy lawyer. The first citizens to receive permanent residency under the country’s rules also received a green card. The first citizens to have children born in and live in the United States would have a green card, too. In addition to citizenship, immigrants had to provide documents proving they paid taxes, registered for school, and paid them back, along with fees. In 2011, Trump promised to build a wall along the Mexican border to prevent illegal immigrants from entering the United States, arguing the country was close to being robbed of its sovereignty. ’Sultana’s business partner, the real estate tycoon Ahmad Yussuf Raza, then asked Trump about his concerns. The president’s first visit to the United Arab Emirates came a month after his   in New York. Trump explained his admiration for the billionaire and his business acumen. “We went to the United States exactly where he wants to be,? the president said at a reception at Trump Tower in December. “Look at the beautiful, very   buildings. ? Trump’s visit came on his first day in office, having been delayed by   visa issues and protests over his call to ban citizens from seven predominantly Muslim countries. He also met privately with Emirati businesspeople who, the White House said, are planning on hiring 10, 000 more in the coming weeks. The first citizens and permanent residents to arrive in the United States were a small group of Syrian refugees. Before his election, the President had pledged to admit as many as 11, 000 Syrian refugees, but revised that down to 5, 000. He did not specify how many refugees from Syria would be admitted, or whether those refugees should be Syrian immigrants or American citizens. The State Department did not reply to requests for comment. Senator Dianne Feinstein of California, the top Democrat on the Senate Intelligence Committee, said the call did not pass the laugh test, but she added it raised fundamental questions. “Did the president say this was something he would do as president?? she asked. “Well, this is not a joke. This is serious. This is very serious. ? Though not all of the criticism is intended to be offensive, the meeting’s proximity to the campaign promises did. On the same day Donald Trump was launching his immigration executive order, the New York Times published an   series by Maggie Haberman detailing the president’s call to ban   visitors to the United States, including some of the same officials who would come to the event later in the day. Trump spokesman Jason Miller defended the remarks by calling the press conference “a raucous,   affair that included many members of the press. ? In a statement, a spokesperson then said “this was an event we are sure you will remember. ? That the press conference was held on Monday, just before the Washington Post published “a preposterous,   account of the weekend from several unnamed officials, exposes a glaring factoid: The controversy has spread across social media, with reporters reporting that the press conference was held not because it was the first one, but because it was the largest, going all the way to the front page of Breitbart, the website run by President Trump. Breitbart had reported the report a few hours before the newspaper published a piece written by one of the officials who spoke on condition of anonymity, and highlighted the discrepancy. “The Trump team made some misleading statements just prior to @Breitbart,? an anonymous Breitbart staffer wrote. “It wasn’t clear to our press conference that they actually wanted to have a meeting. ? Breitbart had originally published the story that night, headlined “President Trump Calls Reporter ‘Fake News’ as Press Conference in Sweden Continues,? in its online home page. “A day earlier, Breitbart had published a story about the Swedish consulate in Chicago, which claimed that a reporter had been arrested,? the article said. When the story was published
