======== SAMPLE 1 ========
ne    but she is not someone who stands to gain from being left in a room all day, doing nothing. ?  The president may be the first president to arrive at a “sit,? as Trump told The New York Times on Tuesday night. (There’s even an   on the    of being president.) There’s a clear and significant political side to this: the kind of    that Trump is trying to cultivate. “The most effective way to exercise your constitutional powers is to think of them as being so far beyond human reach that their exercise is a result of an exercise of will, and you would be wiser to try to keep your thoughts to yourself,? the professor said. “Instead, you’ll just have to imagine that you’re not thinking about it at all and just do it again and again. ? “We could also encourage people to think more about their goals and their intentions and maybe even get them to think more about what matters, and they will make those changes,? the professor explained.   And yet the most important thing is the real work in doing something like this, to develop the mental infrastructure to hold the presidency, and to lead this country.      The professor is not an ideologue. The professor is merely another person who’s interested in the things I’ll be talking about, and I will be talking to him about them. I believe that there was an agenda here and a personal agenda, and I think it’s incumbent on us as citizens to see things from the standpoint of ethics, in terms of our civic responsibility to do so. ? In doing this series, I wanted to reach back to one of my favorite quotes from the philosopher Bertrand Russell: “On the face of it, all political action is action directed toward the concrete. ? And if one contemplates acting in what’s essentially a purely materialistic world, it’s possible that this is precisely the sort of action we’re to take. As Lewis Lapacki said, there are thousands of persons in our country who, if we do nothing else, will be profoundly unhappy or disgusted, in either a material sense or a moral sense, if America’s elected officials don’t understand the nature of this outrage. We need to make ourselves known, and it’s possible we may not know ourselves as effectively, as we’d like to be known. We’ve said enough already about how we speak to one another, and here we’re ready to begin again; we just need to remember to speak to the American people. That was a very helpful way to begin."<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Headline:The Trump Administration’s Proposed Immigration Order Is Full of Lies
----------
Content:"White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer told reporters on Wednesday that the executive order “was not a Muslim ban? on Muslims and “was not intended to be a nationwide ban on Muslims. ? Spicer and his staff repeatedly lied to the press about the meaning of the phrase. “On Twitter,? he said, “it’s not ‘majority’ or ‘majority’ that has the power to ban everyone. ? “In order to create the ‘best deal,’ we have to ask ourselves,? Spicer added, “where that is the line between reasonable and unacceptable?  But in order to make the executive order and the Muslim ban effective, the White House’s strategy of asking the rest of the country what they want from America must be abandoned. The ‘ ? means “no,? and ‘useless.’’ “What you did is stop the order. Now you’re trying to cover up what’s going on,? Spicer said. “I mean, you’re still saying that in order to keep our country safe, we should ban all those who are entering. But that’s not America. …     What you do is you do   …     That’s America. ?"<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Headline:A Few Days From Now, Americans Will Be Able to Vote  Like This
----------
Content:"This article is part of a   series about the next presidential inauguration. We are continuing in this series, which will be available to read, watch, and learn about our “faster nation? project. To continue reading at the top, click here.     By  the time Democrats get back to work, they will be able to register and petition people to vote who have not yet been given a ballot. The process will be less than a week. But if they have to go back to their  
