======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 area, which has resulted in more than a dozen killings, including that by an improvised explosive device (IED) in December.  U.S. forces have also been involved in the conflict in eastern and southern Iraq.    Trump, speaking about U.S. personnel working with Iraqi forces and Kurdish security forces in northern Iraq, called them  highly trained, very experienced  and said the presence of U.S. advisers could have a  huge impact .  It has made a lot of difference. It allowed us to get things done. It s going to continue, I think they do. So they are more and more. It made a huge difference and I think it will continue even if they want to stop.  Trump, a Republican businessman and television personality, has repeatedly railed against what he labels  fake news  as he nears the Nov. 8 election.  I’m so grateful they came through and actually they are very good at what they do, so I do have confidence in them, but we are going to see it happening all over again,  he said. ",<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Headline:Trump calls North Korea sanctions 'a disgrace': White House
Content: "WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump told reporters on Wednesday the United States was taking a “very calculated view” that sanctions imposed on North Korea last week were a disgrace, but also said it was in the interests of the United States itself for the North to understand that any country would “do such a thing again,” the White House said in a statement. ",<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Headline:Clinton's call with Obama is a 'serious step': Trump
Content: "NEW YORK (Reuters) - Donald Trump’s calls with President Barack Obama today are a serious step,” John Podesta, the campaign chairman of Hillary Clinton’s presidential campaign, said on Wednesday. “In the past, this has been the way presidents often act with the other candidate.” During their conversation in the Oval Office that ended early on Wednesday, Trump told Obama there would be nothing worse than for America to allow “bad people” inside the United States. “She has been Secretary of State for more 7 failed countries,” Trump said of the past two weeks. Obama said: "My fellow Americans, the country is stronger together. “And I think it’s my job to keep America safe,” Obama told Trump. “So the call last night was a serious step.” They also discussed a range of issues, including Middle East and cyber security, U.S. relations with Russia, foreign policy, healthcare and a potential recount for Pennsylvania. The campaign and the Democratic National Committee said they planned to release final statement on the call later on Wednesday.      But many Democrats said it gave Republicans a lesson in how Washington works - by treating them as the big winners. “When you treat people unfairly, it raises serious suspicion about how they really think about making deals or being president,” Clinton said. A senior aide to the Clinton campaign said the campaign was disappointed in the way it had been treated under Obama. “We just don’t have a history as bad as this. Just like when she was Secretary of State.”  The Democratic nominee said Republicans were “determined to see the Trump administration get its act together” and would work with others if the Republican approach of pursuing a tax reform plan collapsed. Obama said: “This isn’t a matter where we will let our frustration get the worse.” A spokesman from the Republican National Organization said the Trump campaign will continue to “hold on to their principles and their values. There are many Americans who feel like the administration has fallen short of those ideals.” The Republican National Committee spokesman declined to comment on the reports that Trump’s staff had given Democrats more of his time during the call. The DNC is the Democratic Party’s arm. ",<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Headline:U.S. Republican party officials discuss Trump's call for wall on Mexico
Content: "WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Republican Party officials on Wednesday discussed Donald Trump’s call for a wall on the southern U.S. border with U.S. Vice President Mike Pence, a Republican source said, drawing rebukes from the White House. The Republican vice presidential candidate’s call in New England for a wall on the U.S.-Mexico border, which was echoed in other parts of the world, could spark a confrontation with Mexico in the next few weeks, according to three sources familiar with the discussion. A Republican operative close to Trump has told Reuters the call had been planned since at least the start of January.
