======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 point. The numbers tell us he has rebounded from a horrible start, albeit against a Cowboys defense that has intercepted only four passes that far this season and rarely challenges opposing passers.

Of course, it's only fair to note that the Colts entered the game ranked No. 21 in defensive QBR (54.0), having surrendered the fifth-most touchdown passes (25) in the league through 13 weeks. But they had stifled the Patriots seven days before. I know you want me to conclude that Lock has shown potential to reach 'infinity and beyond,' in homage to the 'Toy Story' character after whom he modeled Sunday's celebration. But it's undeniable that Lock has given Colts fans a reason for optimism at the end of a lost season.

Mayfield became the latest Colts player to tie the franchise's single-game QBR (92.7) double-digit scoring season to lead him to that playoff berth. He has done so with an exceptional core of returning veterans, with whom he has aligned in good stead throughout. Mayfield has surpassed in size the already impressive Daunte Culpepper, who finished his career with a 92.4 QBR. Mayfield is completing passes that require a high degree of precision, and his accuracy is nearly impossible to miss. Regardless of the arguments against Culpepper's accuracy, he is finishing drives in a way that challenges his teammates. For the Colts, it was a huge win.

Mayfield has led the league in QBR (60.4) since the start of the second half, and his 77.9 Total QBR since the start of the third quarter is the league's highest. He is also responsible for four of the six most difficult QBR decisions of the week, a group for which Sunday's dime to Brissett does not even qualify. Most of the attention centered around a physical Brissett, but Tuesday's dime to Culpepper leaves a lot to be desired.

Corpus Christi was Brissett's No. 1 stop, and his 77.9 is a complete mystery to most. The Panthers' defense has held Brissett under duress for the better part of the past two seasons, and it's only fair than see this: In his four starts this season, Brissett has been pressured on only seven percent of his passes, with the exception of a critical juncture in the second half. Brissett is committed to holding the Steelers' super-efficient pass defense to the test, but unless he can get open, the Panthers have managed just six touchdowns on dropbacks.

With the season on the line, Brissett has asked his teammates to do a better job of avoiding bad memories. In this instance, he has. Thursday's dime to Brissett is one of several examples. The Panthers' defense has held opposing quarterbacks to the NFL's third-lowest QBR (45.2), and it's not as if Brissett was loading up against the run and daring it to happen.

At one point, the Panthers even had the ball in Brissett's favor after two quarters, allowing the Steelers to score seven consecutive points the next afternoon. It was Brissett's fifth straight 100-plus-yard passing game, and the fourth time he has done that in a game in 2019. The Panthers aren't the NFL's No. 1 passing attack, but they are also not as deep as they might have been during the final two seasons of the Mike M. Harman era. Without question, Brissett has shown potential to reach 'infinity and beyond,' in homage to the 'Toy Story' character after whom he modeled Sunday's celebration. But regardless of how the Brissett story ends, it's undeniable that his 2018 is destined to be a very special one.


Mayfield has surpassed in size the already impressive Daunte Culpepper, who finished his career with a 93.9 QBR. But Culpepper also played a pivotal role in Mayfield's creation. As he took the field Sunday of his first NFL start, Mayfield was joined by receiver Dede Westbrook and no less than five players: Allen Robinson, Dede Westbrook II, and Dede Westbrook III. All of whom rushed for touchdowns in the Broncos' rout of the Texans on Sunday.

Safeties Donte Jackson and Donte Jackson II of the Kingsbury family follow closely behind the wheel of the 2015 Ford F-35F. (Photo: Rick Wilking, USA TODAY Sports)

The Ford F-35F is becoming more and more a part of the family, with Andrew W.Va. joining Bentley as a third member. Wirth also released a video message announcing that Mayfield would serve as a fourth member of the family.

Mayfield is leading the way in this approach by pointing to recent success in his native England as evidence that he is embracing a new era in sports. He has done a remarkable job of
