======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 for Allen to win a batting title, the Browns had the No. 10 overall pick in the 2011 NFL Draft, but he picked No. 11 instead.


 Brady, Brissett, Rivers Sunday marked the second time Brissett had won the MVP in his past five games. He had lost ground to Baltimore's Jackson in the voting, but he had won the trust of his teammates. The message might have come out at the wrong time, but the majority of Brissett's possible targets were on that side.

The majority of his possible targets were on that side.

The majority of his possible targets were on that side.

That's how many of his possible interceptions were on that side?

No one was more than Brissett, the No. 11 overall pick in the 2011 NFL Draft. But it was Brissett who led the charge in the fourth quarter with 27 seconds remaining in the fourth quarter, waiting for Westbrook to spring open. The play had a completion probability of 20.7%, the lowest for any completed pass thrown in Week 13.

There is almost no doubt that Brissett was taking some significant strides after a horrendous start to the season. He had a chance to complete a remarkable fourth-quarter comeback. Instead, he left us all wondering about his eyesight.

The Panthers, trailing 29-21 with 27 seconds remaining, faced fourth-and-3 from the Redskins' 3-yard line. The Panthers put three receivers on the right side of the line, then motioned a fourth -- running back Christian McCaffrey -- to that side. Suffice it to say, the majority of Brissett's possible targets were on that side.

The majority of his possible targets were on that side. #Seahawks

(Image: Getty)
The Seahawks came after McCaffrey, blitzing him on the right side of the line. But they pressured him on the left, allowing Allen to gain 1 yard of separation from Panthers cornerback Donte Jackson and make a leaping catch 1.1 yards from the sideline and 6 yards deep in the end zone.


- Seattle Seahawks (@Seahawks) December 15, 2019
The pass had a 14.8% chance to be complete, according to NFL Next Gen Stats, making it the most difficult connection of Week 15. It was one of two touchdown passes Wilson threw Sunday of at least 15 air yards, raising his total on such throws to 43 the past three seasons. That's 13 more than the next-highest quarterback ( Kirk Cousins, 30) in that period, another data point for the increasingly inarguable position that Wilson is the league's most effective deep thrower.


When the fourth quarter began Sunday night in Pittsburgh, the Steelers held a 10-7 lead over the Buffalo Bills. Soon, the Bills tied the game at 10. What happened next was head-scratching.

With the game on the line, and despite the healthy return of tailback James Conner, the Steelers turned to their rookie quarterback to try to lead them to victory. Hodges dropped back 20 times in the fourth quarter, including the first nine plays after the Bills tied the game. That decision led to two consecutive three-and-out possessions, as well as a pair of interceptions and two sacks. The Steelers didn't score again in a 17-10 loss.

Hodges has been impressive as a spot starter since he was promoted from the practice squad earlier this season, but it was still a surprise to see the Steelers ignore their running game and put the game in his hands. The Bills' defense has held opposing quarterbacks to the NFL's third-lowest QBR (45.2), and it's not as if they were loading up against the run and daring Hodges to throw.

The Bills aligned eight or more defenders in the box on only seven of the Steelers' 57 plays, according to NFL Next Gen Stats, and not once in the fourth quarter. The Steelers still have a 43.6% chance to make the playoffs, according to FPI, but their fourth-quarter approach was one of the most baffling decisions of an otherwise overachieving season.


You'll be excused if you looked elsewhere for your high-level quarterback fix earlier this season, when Mahomes was sidelined by a knee injury. But here's something you should know about the 2018 MVP: Since he returned in Week 10, Mahomes' QBR of 76.3 is surpassed by that of no quarterback other than Jackson.

Sunday's 23-3 victory over the Denver Broncos marked Mahomes' seventh 300-plus-yard passing game of the season. He completed 10 passes that traveled at least 10 yards in the air, marking the third time he has done that in a game in 2019. The Broncos were largely unable to pressure him on a snowy day at Arrowhead Stadium, and Mahomes capitalized on nearly every clean pocket, completing 25 of 26 passes for
