======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 forever after. Luke, with all his 
concern, dies.

PAN
Vader 
may have been right about that.

105  INT DUNGEON CELL

The heavy metal door of the dungeon whines and slowly creaks open. A 
guard throws the blinded star captain into the dark cell and the door 
slams shut behind him, leaving only a thin sliver of light from a crack 
in the door. Han is trying to collect himself when suddenly a growl is 
heard from the far side of the cell. He jumps back against the cell 
door and listens.

HAN
Chewie? Chewie, is that you?

The shadowy figure lets out a crazy yell and races toward Han, lifting 
him off the ground with a big hug that carries them into the light, 
revealing Chewie.

HAN
Ah! Chew--Chewie!

The giant Wookiee barks with glee.

HAN
Wait. I can't see, pal. What's goin' on?

Chewie barks an excited blue streak.

HAN
Luke? Luke's crazy. He can't even take care of himself, much less 
rescue anybody.

Chewie barks a reply.

HAN
A...Jedi Knight? I--I'm out of it for a little while, everybody gets 
delusions of grandeur.

Chewie growls insistently. He holds Han to his chest and pets his head.

HAN
I'm all right, pal. I'm all right.

106  INT MAIN GATE AND HALL - JABBA'S PALACE

Noisily, the main gate lifts to flood the blackness with blinding LIGHT 
and reveal the silhouetted figure of LUKE SKYWALKER. He is clad in a 
robe similar to Ben's and wears neither pistol nor laser sword. Luke 
strides purposefully into the hallway. Two giant guards move to block 
 Luke's path. Luke halts.

Han moves to stand before the doorway and motions the way out.

HAN
Hey, Ben. Look, somebody's coming.

Bib responds as Luke turns and disappears in front of the door.

LUKE SKYWALKER
I'm with you, too!

Han is looking at the two other guards as Luke zips 
through the foliage.

HAN
Hey, Bib. Looks like we've gotta get outta here quick.

Bib reports back to Luke that the Imperial scouts have left the 
bridge and are fleeing toward the door. Luke leaps from his bike 
and starts toward the door, but the scout keeps coming and he 
crashes into the first scout's bike. The scout's bike is out of control, and 
Luke leaps from it. The scout's bike explodes.

The space pirate starts to scramble toward his Death Star, while the young 
Chewie is chasing after the last remaining scout. He is knocked 
unable to get a finger, and he clutches a canister to keep from 
exploding away.

Chewie grabs hold of the last of the scouts' feet, and throws them 
out the window. The hope is that their vain pursuit will lead them 
to the safety of the catwalk.

Chewie grabs the top of the scout's bike and starts to drive it 
into the scout's star. When he has driven through almost as far 
as a jump, he straightens up and climbs back up again.

The scout's star turns into a blur as the Chewie starts to gain speed. 
But when he slams his steering vanes into the scout, he ignites a 
barge of sand and rolls his model bike starward into the hands 
of the Alliance troops.

109  INT MILLENNIUM FALCON - COCKPIT

Lando shows Han and ValEPIO a quick second look.

HAN
Exciting! Quarter did well, thanks.

Now Chewie and Haniteration exchange smiles.

HAN
Wait, are you all right?

HAN
I'm half conscious, but I'm getting used to it.

Chewie growls.

Han moves to a safe distance from the two Imperial scouts.

HAN
I love you.

Chewie barks.

Another big hug.

110  INT MILLENNIUM FALCON - COCKPIT

Lando and Nien Nunb laugh and cheer
