======== SAMPLE 1 ========
Luke's wand, in Luke's 
hand, extends from the bone through to point 
at Vader. The Emperor's face has fallen. He looks at 
himself in the mirror and laughs syncoptically to himself.

Luke stares into his own eyes. He seems to be on the edge of 
bibs and another offer has been pulled.

LUKE
But I have to hand it to you, boy. It's been a while. I didn't know I had it.

Bibs and offers come and go until finally 
they become very overwhelming and then Luke backs away.

LUKE
Now, why don't you leave that memory behind? I'll take you to the 
Jabba the Hutt.

He opens the tentacle to Luke.

Jabba sits himself on his bed, with great effort. The effort is rewarded by 
great pleasure in his eyes. Then, for the first time, Luke can 
perceive the fate that is the universe and the great unknown that 
begins and continues within.

Near the end of the dinner party, Bib Fortuna offers the final sacrifice 
to this doomed promise. The Emperor falls silent.

87   EXT YODA'S HOUSE

The Emperor's private palace is a blur before your view. Crass speeches are 
sentence- by-sentence, and are found throughout the floor. Princess Leia 
struggles to come up with an epithet. "Yoda... what is thy name?" is her 
only response.

In the King's private bathtub, Han is gently massaging Threepio's shaft. 
Luke is below and on his own is making out with an unoccupied 
space 
ovement, whose name does not appear on the napkin Luke is wearing. The space 
neutrals throughout the room are mute. Several of the little guys 
play with their toys. One is flipping through a set of question and answer cards. 
A woman reaches up and over a piece of foam from over the bottom of the bath 
tub and begins filling the space with a loud pop. The woman removes a 
questionably pregnant woman from the rafters and sits down, taking her 
kid with her. The princess looks at Han, turns to look at the baby, and 
dives back, into the little creature's soft spot.

HAN
Chewie! Chewie, give me the gun. Don't move, Lando.

LANDO
No problem.

88   EXT BOILER ROOM

Boba and Luke are having a good time at the boiler room, apart 
begging the artists at the door. The room has suddenly become noisy as 
a shipment of Han Solo's favorite drinks is unloaded from the ramp into 
the boiler room.

LUKE
Shall I help out?

LURE
No. The two of you are a little more than a little nervous, but I 
have Han and this is your first chance. I have a bad feeling about this.

At the bottom of the ramp, Luke is raked with a dark 
generator beam and is restrained by a 
strange, furry creature. Beyond the obscuration barrier, the 
bioinverging Edwin is making his way along the track toward the 
truck.

LUKE
What's that? I know that laugh.

The creature laughs again, and again the second Luke is pulled 
by the chain: FETT, JABBA, MOFF.

The hitchhiker bears a sad smile.

LUKE
What are you laughing at?

Man-made monsters like that are what we see all the time in the 
art...and I didn't warn you.

89   EXT TATOOINE SEA

The little skiff sails along the smoking skiff and disappears in front of 
a clearing of trees.

90   INT BUNKER - COCKPIT

Jabba the Hutt rides like a sultan in the massive guard-armor 
atron at the entrance to the pit. Four 
guards pull the heavy duty blocks from the rafters. Threepio struggles in 
his seat against the wall of the bunker.

THREEPIO
Oh, dear. Threepio, I could die.

Jabba looks at the dark circle in the center of the room and sighs. 
He looks at the prisoners stacked near him and whispers into 
his ear, 
 "Take my son, will you?

Luke is very tired and Threepio is struggling to free himself. He 
