======== SAMPLE 1 ========
quarters of the massive 
platform 
is suspended in time to the arrival of the Millennium Falcon and several Rebel troops. 
Han, Leia, and Chewie are engaged in a ferocious combat 
with Boba Fett, the leader of the group. Now Han is engaged in a 
thorough combat with the formidable Wicket group.

HAN
Here's the deal. If I'm not mistaken, you're the only one who's using that 
gross, underhanded approach.

THREEPIO
Well, who says they didn't. They were more vicious 
than that.

HAN
Well, who says they didn't? Convenient.

THREEPIO
Oh, no!

12   INT DUNGEON CELL

The heavy metal door of the dungeon whines and slowly creaks open. A 
guard rushes forward to enter the room. The guard is surprised to find 
the door suddenly slides shut. The guard and the guard's eyes half open; they 
waist 
waistfuckers! The door creaks open again. The guard screams in panic.

The guard is startled to find out how severely his vision has gone, and he 
hasn't even been able to see for some reason. The horrified guard glances 
around for a hiding device, then sits down, with a sigh, on a 
stump for air.

THREEPIO
Guards! Somebody get out of here.

As the door closes, the nervous guard tries to figure out where 
he is and what has happened. Suddenly he is thrown into a net, with a 
crowd of panicked survivors all over the place. He manages to 
place his hands on the controls, as if to say, and is taken 
off the rail. A startled horror appears in front of the main control room 
and explodes in the middle of the room. The control room is silent for 
as long as the explosion lasts.

13   INT EWOK VILLAGE - EMPEROR'S TOWER

The Emperor's TOWER is the stomping ground of the red-hot 
Victorian Opera. The Emperor sits with one knee elevated, hands on 
wrist告, knees leaning forward. Aneuragnosed - his back straightening slightly 
 - his head and his upper body tense. The Emperor's 
confident look circles across the battlefield.

The Wookiee warrior turns to the left, and is met by two troopers with the flag 
raising their weapons - the other turns to see what is happening around the 
armada.

STRANGE VOICE
His men are coming.

EMPEROR
Shield defense!

The Emperor stands defiant.

30   EXT SPACE - AIR BATTLE

The twoア 
controllers watch the fleet in shock. He reassures them 
of the work being done.

31   INT BUNKER - OBSERVATION DECK

The Emperor, standing before the assembled troops, looks through a portal at 
the unfinished business of the war. Four cohorts of the Imperial 
Fleet Commander sit side by side, listening to the Chief Executive, 
Chief Engineer, and the medical officer, in agreement on the point.

The Emperor speaks into the comlink to the scouts as they move into 
the bunker.

32   INT BUNKER

The head of the bunker attack platoon, GENE LUEN, speaks to Luke as the 
scouts head inside.

LUEN
We're in good hands. I'm looking forward to heading out there.

Thescians turn to see the Death Star exploding.

LUEN
It was already a disaster. We were too late.

Darth Vader, Anakin Skywalker, Chewbacca, the Death Star, the 
scouts look out for themselves. They're on their way out when something 
appears out of the corner of their eyes. They do not look 
at the monitor.

33   EXT BUNKER

The explosion knocks the huge window of theunmanned rocket into 
space. It then explodes as a huge cloud hangs heavy over the Empire 
and the Lando.

A final volley of shots isches 
off, and the giant BUNKER sits silent for a moment. Then it 
explodes, sending the Empire into a run on all cylinders.

The Millennium Falcon roars over CAMERA as it zooms down a dark, narrow passageway 
in the war-torn asteroid Huttballand. We see the end of the giant 
door coming to an end and then a final burst of
