======== SAMPLE 1 ========
acle, as a nod.

LUKE
Chewie-cheese! The Chewie-cups are getting more and more crowded around us!

Luke, Leia, and Nien Nunb, the Wookiee's lookout, come up behind us and
sniff our drinks. We look back at the group of four above us.

Threepio peeks from behind a crate as Han and Leia pop sandwiches into their
hands.

THREEPIO
Freeze! I want you to turn back.

Leia grabs a large metal rack from her coat case.

LEIA
Well, it's only a second, but you better.

LEIA
I'm not sure this whole situation is worth it.

Han looks at Leia with concern. She looks past them all to a repositioning gun in the middle of the road.

110  EXT SPACE - REBEL FLEET

The Millennium Falcon and several Wookiee fighters are engaged in a fierce aerial battle. Several Imperial TIE fighters are on the perimeter.

111  INT MILLENNIUM FALCON - COCKPIT

Lando is speaking to his friends in the chatty cockpit of the Falcon.
HAN
You tell 'em.

LANDO	 (cont)
We've got to be able to get some kind of a reading on that shield.

HAN
Well, here goes nothing.

LANDO	 (turning to the prisoners on the perimeter)
We'll keep this door open.

HAN
General Organa, you want us to give you these coordinates?

106  INT MILLENNIUM FALCON - COCKPIT

The Falcon is trying to pull the ship out of hyperspace.

WEDGE
Lock S-foils over comms' commlinkers.

WEDGE
Operators, try and transmit some kind of status report.

WEDGE
Red Group alert... heading east, out of range...

107  INT MILLENNIUM FALCON - COCKPIT

Lando steps back as Han points the control panel.

HAN
What is your status?

LANDO
I am in repair.

Reloading the ship's skiff.

Han looks to Lando.

HAN
Lando, is all rocket fuel?

LANDO
No. They're not designed for human combustion.

The Falcon turns around and faces the trees in the sweeping valley of the Andes.

108  EXT SPACE - GENERATOR BUNKER

The ghost of Antares looks on us from far away.

HAN
I don't see anybody else there. Come on. Let's get out of here.

We pull the Falcon out of the thin air as close to being engulfed in a giant cloud as we can get. Then, without warning, it drops like a sledgehammer over a column of smoke. A TATOOINE shell floats above the Falcon and explodes in front of it. It hits a tree and is hit in the right side. The charred body of a General turns out to be a bounty hunter named Han Solo. He takes off as we in the other gang follow him.

HAN
Hey, Luke. I said you were a smuggler.

LANDO
Yeah, a lot of them are.

He flips two switches and the General stops and smiles up at Han.

GUARD
Sounds dangerous. You shouldn't be here.

Han nods at the droid, moves closer, and we peer into his eyes.
THREEPIO
I see your true self. I know you lack the strength to stand, but...

I can't go on like this. You need help.

HAN
Ohhh... yes.

The General closes his eyes slowly and stops in a crevice in the ground.

HAN
Hey, wait, I'm Salacious Crumb. I just got a commission for help with that alien slug.

GUARDS
All right. Tell Salacious to come up here. I need your help with that alien.

As we go, we spot dozens of other junk aliens, all running around in all shapes and sizes. They're hard to spot, but they're becoming more and more common as the area gets larger.

I stick by an alien food supply and see what's stuck out of a hatch on the back.

GREEN BUNKER   EXT NECK SEA - MAIN DOCKING BAY

I look around for an old friend, and instantly find myself pulled against the wall, pinned against a rail, against a heavy pull that is sending me screaming wildly like a monkey.
