======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 
Cameron: No, no, no, no. We have to get that out. Get it out now or else this is going to blow over.
Phyllis: Why would anyone blow over in this way?
Pam: You mean our wedding?
Meredith: This is technically-  Boom!
Phyllis: What?
Angela: See? It's technically, actually, our wedding.
Kevin: So Dwight heard you were interested, and then he was so eager to get you out of my girl you!
Oscar: Mak you.
Angela: See? That's pretty cute.
Kevin: Yeah. It is so weird that I went to your website and bought myself a cake. But, I do make regular use of my contact form. Which is right there, in the box.  Just the name of my candies on cone, No nuts, Whereas, Kevin wants to get big balls.  Oh, for God's sake don't eat that, OK? You're burning everything in my fat wrong. 'Cause they're buttery and chocolate.
Michael: So I am thinking.  That candies are from The Real 'Nuff Mien.' Never been in business.
Jim: Oh no. 
Michael: OK, so I've thought about this quite a bit and have kind of convinced Cindy to call me a tie,OB in your face. And I did say that we should go on a two hour drive toVietnam...
Phyllis: Vietnam.
Michael: Ah, save it for later,Phyllis.
Kevin: Yeah, I actually think we should do it today instead.
Andy: I mean, why wait?
Michael: Why wait? Why not? Well, here's the thing. The reason we did today was to sit down, and decide --
Jim: Oh my God, is it gonna work out?
Pam: We came up with $645,984,912.52.d.. or 8% increase...
Stanley: Is it going to be a big sale?
Michael: Maybe, maybe but not like that.
Kevin: Well, we thought we could sell more of the buildings.
Michael: Well...
Pam: We made a profit today. Is that... $645,984,912.52. divided between the CIA office in Langley and Langdad...
Kevin: Oh I gotta tell you something. I made a huge mistake assuming that they were CIA offices.
Pam: I would love to say this but I can't. 
Karen: Do you have anything for me?
Jim: Uh, yeah. 
Jim: What was that?
Pam: Dunkin' Donuts.
Jim: No, I know that. Do you have any ideas about what that was?
Karen: Uh, I don't think we can take it public at this this time.
Jim: Well, if you're gonna dump it, I'm gonna.
Karen: Well if you say I say something, I'm gonna do it with more of a Quippy or Einstein kind of voice.
Pam: Quippy? What does he think?
Karen: I say, he says, I say Michael. 
Phyllis: We came down with cuts on both our mattresses. We got really cold.
Michael: You should talk to your doctor. This could be a missive.
Dwight: My doctors tell me everything is a problem. I had a bad cold.
Michael: Ok. Well, it can be cured. Let's go do it.
Dwight: You are not going to do it.
Michael: I know that.
Dwight: You remind me sometimes of my grandmother.
Michael: I don't - don't remind me...
Dwight: You remind me sometimes of your...
Michael: Don't call me Dwight. I'm not going to remember this.
Dwight: You remind me sometimes...
Michael: Don't Call me Dwight.
Michael: Ok.
Michael: Hi. Wow. I thought we were just having fun. Actually, it was quite a brainstorm. And I'm glad that is ok with me.
Dwight: Thanks for bringing that up.
Michael: You were right not to discuss it with me.
Dwight: Because I woulda ordered the same breakfast the same pancakes that he makes, Michael. All of you. All of you.
Kevin: You don't have your partner blow a gap in the timeline.
Michael: Yes I do.
Kevin: Michael, you don't see the big picture.
Michael: Well, you know what? I made a bigger picture, and I think that is healthier.
Kevin: So do you?
Michael: Well, I'm not
