======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 No.
Dwight: It's okay. 
Robert: Toby, you got a real Facebook energy drink from the men's room tonight?
Toby: Men's room?
Robert: The men's room.
Robert: Are you unveiling something brand new?
Toby: Well, that's another thing. I've actually been going to New York a couple of nights and I'm still thinking about New York I'll come back to Scranton. But never. It's way too early for that. So I'm definitely not planning on leaving. Unless of course you decide to stay in Scranton.
Andy: Toby's right. There's no better medicine than living in New York. But, Connecticut has always been a magnet for big, strong dudes.
Jim: I had New York City, home to Nassau Amalfi, a place to stay for the winter and a place to stay for the summer.
Pam: That's a great plan.
Jim: Well, why are we leaving?
Pam: I think I'm gonna reschedule my meeting with Robert at the conference room.
Jim: You're not allowed to take a picture in the corner of the parking lot.
Pam: Stupid. Everyone knows that I like to canvas.
Andy: Cool. No, no, no. This is gonna be good.  There ya go.
Robert: Andrew.
Andy: A round of applause for Erin. 
Stanley: That was beautiful.
Andy: Well, you know, the thing is, they don't know what's going to happen.
Erin: There they are.
Andy: Lo and behold, for the first time, in the history of the branch, a woman has been promoted to regional manager. Although, I shall never have the pleasure.
Nellie: I just think it's kind of insulting.
Andy: No, no, no. It's not fair. And I know what you're thinking, Well, why don't you go on home and get some breakfast or something?
Erin: That's my dream at night.
Andy: No, it's not. It's my dream at night.
Erin: Yeah, yeah.
Andy: And my dream is right now. So, I'm not gonna go on home at five. And I'm not gonna bother getting on the Drake-Ryan-what? That's just bad.
Pam: Hey, Dwight. Wanna party?
Dwight: Why don't you have some fun?
Kevin: My birthday was yesterday and there was dancing, petting, singing and making out with my best friend, Karen.
Dwight: Whoa, Karen. What do you think? Go to a bachelor party and having fun with your best friend!
Karen: Yes, I was the dancing one.
Karen: Tonight?
Karen: Yes, I am. Come on in.
Toby: Hey.
Jim: Hey, Toby. What's up?
Toby: I just want to say hi to Alyssa and welcome you to the party planning committee.
Jim: Nice.
Toby: I would very much like to say a few words to the newest member of my party.
Jim: Welcome.
Toby: Cool.
Jim: Oh, everybody. My name is Toby Trupiano.
Dwight: I'm a former paper executive. I'm taking a chemical handling test at the college.
Jim: Oh. You'd like me to say something harsh against the Frightfield clan.
Dwight: You're not.
Jim: And I'm not gonna do it. My silence is the sign of a man with two sor... 
Dwight: Out of paper, out of stock, there is always more paper.
Jim: Stop looking at the front of my neck. I want to see the front of my head. 
Dwight: Hey. Stop looking at the front of my neck. 
Nellie: I just want to say, you guys made it so much easier for me to join them.
Dwight: Ha!
Andy: Ahh! I liked your memo.
Dwight: Thank you.
Andy: You'll never guess where I am right now.
Dwight: I'm going to tell you where I am. I'm in an old warehouse. I like to think I've been at the old one forever.
Andy: Cool.
Dwight: Okay, well, let's stay focused, you two. 
Nellie: Oh, come on. You two are the only ones with the two breadsticks.
Dwight: Well, well, well.
Andy: What did I say?
Kevin: Dwight's right. Your party affiliation is no longer cool
