======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 can be really creative.
Stanley: I saw a promo for the documentary yesterday. It's on tape and they have all their faces on it. I saw them hanging with Dwight. He reminded me a lot of Michael Scott.
Michael: You should see some of those. It is gonna be really good.
Stanley: How? With my footage.
Michael: That is very important to us, because we don't want anyone who doesn't feel important feeling marginalized.
Stanley: No, we are getting our voices heard.
Michael: Yes.
Oscar: Stanley, get off the floor.! Jeremys has got to be theirs. It's a flea market.
Karen: Yeah, well, anyone who's tried Stanley's money in court can tell you that he's a very weak man. Although he has a lot of assets. A painting, a controlling wife. Anamese wife. AHoosiers.
Michael: I can't do this. I can't do this. I love the strippers in the warehouse. I'm a witness to it. I fly out to Los Angeles, and I'm supposed to meet these strippers, and they're all over the place. They're in their mid-40s, and it strikes me that there are couples on the street who, if met, can double-course dinner. You know, love an equal part damn and equal parts steak and legumes.
Michael: I think a stripper is unattractive. When she sees a man with a gun, she'll go, Oh, he's so not that bad. But when he's over, she'll go, He's over. He's not that bad. He just had a couple of buckshot.
Pam: I look like I'm flying through the windshield.
Michael: That's a representation of what you will get if you drive this long.  Look around. The whole sky is the Limit. We're not dreamers. We're like an eel.
Karen: Hey.
Jim: Yeah.
Karen: We are not dreamers, we are animals.
Pam: Hey.
Karen: When you guys leave these things in the casket, I want you to put the kibosh on the midnight rejuv.
Jim: I don't know, it's not what I think.
Karen: I understand the argument, but I can't do that if you put the casket down.
Jim: Oh, I think you're right. I'll have to talk to her.
Pam: She's gotta know about the chamber.
Karen: Look, I can go down to the annex, take a call. I will patch you through. As it turns out, one of the chairs in that annex is a veritable wishing nest for kiddie babies.
Pam: I'll go.
Karen: All right. I'll take the deal. Just don't tell her about it. Oh, god, she'll get it, man. Um... probably hate it.
Pam: I know.
Jim: Right. So can I just... can you just call her, just 'cause we're friends?
Karen: No.
Pam: What about her?
Jim: Okay.
Pam: I don't know what you just got down to, dude. She looks like a monster.
Andy: I cannot share this meeting with her. She is my best friend.
Phyllis: You tried to talk to her, and you ended up killing her.
Stanley: I am not going to let you do this. You are next in line.
Andy: Damn it Bob.
Phyllis: I thought I was getting a warm sweater.
Andy: It's just that I recently read the autobiography of Babe Ruth.
Phyllis: You were supposed to say something to her.
Andy: I forgot what it said.
Pam: You are in.
Jim: All right, well. I figured I'd better keep my options open wide.
Ryan: I wound up choosing her over Martinez, though. I think she's a solid candidate for the manager's job.
Pam: The documentary series Occupation has ties to the law--
Jim: Hey, did you guys seen the documentary? It's airing later.
Pam: No, we're not interested. I can't work here.
Jim: No, we're not interested. What's going on? Do you know who's gonna be the manager?
Andy: So how about Grupo Amigas, the largest U.S. supermarket chain? As in, a? Beloved?
Erin: I just got a hot chocolate or a hot pizza. for my mom.
Andy: I really don't know what you mean, Esther. I got a hot chocolate
