======== SAMPLE 1 ========
bage.
Michael: Ok, I will see you at the liquor store.
Erin: At the liquor store?
Michael: At the liquor store is the key to meeting anybody. The key to meeting anyone is persistence. And that, for me, is the key. I need it at persistence.
Erin: Michael, 
Michael: I need persistence. You made me pay for some t-shirts.
Erin: What did you get?
Michael: I made you some t-shirts.
Erin: That's awesome!
Michael: That's my art. I made you some t-shirts.
Erin: Oh!
Michael: You guys are the stupidest! This whole place is confusing!
Erin: You are stupid!
Oscar: Do you remember when they made you fill them with balloons and donate them to the Elmhurst Industrial Center?
Michael: Michael Scott!
Erin: Yeah, Michael, I guess I'm forgetting something. That's why I have a frame problem.
Michael: I guess I need to train my balls. 
Erin: Oh, my God. It's Valentine's Day!
Michael: It's Valentine's Day! Ready?
Michael: Hey Pam, um...  How about Jim? Jim Halpert. Uh, chief of police. Uh, James Bay.
Jim: Sounds good.
Michael: Yeah.
Jim: Oh, sorry if it's just sad. 
Michael: Who cares? I made it look pretty, so long.
Erin: Jim?
Jim: Hey... what's wrong?
Angela: Nothing. You can't kiss. I don't want to get my cervix whited. 
Michael: Why, that looks awful.
Erin: Hey Michael!
Michael: What did I tell you?
Erin: You don't have to answer.
Michael: Okay, well...
Erin: I wanted to apologize for bringing up Angela. At first I thought you were making a boondoggle of me. But, thinking about Angela, it just makes you mad.
Kevin: She was with somebody else.
Michael: And she was sleeping with you? You... obviously...
Erin: You're right, Michael.
Michael: I'm sorry, I thought you were protecting her. And I just want you to go home.
Dwight: You're too boss to do this.  You can't trust anyone anymore.
Erin: You did nothing.
Michael: This is how I imagined it. I had this fear of relationships. I imagined a world where they were literally begging you for love. And, it worked. Now, it's a fantasy. You have to choose between a trusting ex trying to get you off the road, and a monster who's actually trying to get you off the road... sometimes it's easy.
Michael: Hey Pam?
Pam: Can I come with you?
Michael: Of course you could come with you.  You guys have a lot to pick up.
Pam: Oh, don't worry about that.
Michael: Talk to her. She's smart and cute and sexy and maybe a little crazy and make something awesome happen.
Pam: All right!
Michael: I know she's smart and cute and sexy. Do you guys know anything about escorting a bunch of girls?
Pam: No, we do it all the time.
Michael: I know a girl who looks exactly like me. Maybe she used to work here anyway. Maybe she thought that was a demeaning term. She'll regret that.
Michael: I know a girl who looks exactly like me. She might be from the slums. Or highlands. Or s*x with big, mean heads.
Andy: I'm looking for chicks.
Erin: Andy, this sounds a little bit crowded.
Andy: I know where everyones is, let me pick up. 
Erin: Okay, Andy, you need to get the hell out of my face.
Erin: Where's the chick, I mean, just call the guy. 
Michael: Hello, Andy. I'm Michael Scott.
Andy: Hey, you.
Michael: Yeah, what's up?
Andy: You gotta hop off this freaking bus.
Michael: Huhuhuhuh.
Andy: I can't hop it!
Michael: I wish there was a way to know when an office crush really is.
Andy: Well, there's a tool to find your target. Pass it on. It'll annoy some people. But there's another tool. I don't know where it comes from, but someone burned this on me. 
Michael: Okay, everybody, it is time. We need to thank the committee that passed us the Dunder Mifflin Play Store.
Jim
