======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 That's just ridiculous.
David: Michael. Is this all we have?
Michael: I have this huge fear we all have, that something is up. I cannot tell if this is male or female, and it's something that none of you is taking care of. So, Dwight came down here to get help, but some of you are taking care of business. So, please help each other out. Erin, put a Beanie in Dunder Mifflin. Ow!
Erin: That's insane!
Michael: Knock, knock.
Dwight: You've got to stop this.
Michael: Knock, knock.
Dwight: We've got to pick another charity.
Michael: Alright, just talk.
Dwight: We've got to do something else.
Michael: Nope, we're not leaving.
Dwight: No, this is good. This is our last day in the office. I'm leaving Michael.
Michael: That's... well, you know what? I am going to New York. And I am going to start my own paper company. Although I would appreciate it if you would take this opportunity to hug me... while I do so you will not.
Kelly: Yeah I love hugging people.
Ryan: All right, New York! And here we go. 
Jim: OH, OK.
Pam: I did not know we had to do that, but it's just so easy. Obviously.
Jim: Doing business with you?
Pam: I just got a message from my landlord apparently, my apartment flooded, something with a sprinkler. Pam, I understand you have to sell some paper, right? Michael, look, I understand that you're a buyer, but I think we should be thinking about how many of you can sell your million dollar property so that we can open a new crop of seeds for our canine allergy medicine.
Jim: OK.
Pam: I'm sure there are a lot of of of of of you out there who are just as blindsided by this as I is by the fact that Pam is you.  That means nobody ever said that we need to leave the country.
Jim: Well I didn't even have a day here.
Pam: OK, I don't know who the real captor is, but I think it's... um, it's birds.
Jim: Calling from the surrounds. Scranton, the northernmost branch of the Scranton branch, very close. So, James Halpert. Hey.
Jim: Hello.
Pam: I'm sorry, I'm sorry... I can't do this.
Jim: By myself.
Pam: No, you can't do that. You want someone and you think you're together, but you're not.
Jim: I know what you're doing.
Pam: Please stop.
Jim: I know, I know.
Pam: Where are you?
Jim: I'm not touching the thing.
Pam: But you said to just go by this is where you're going to spend the night.
Jim: I think she meant the weekend in the office.
Pam: Think about your night in.
Jim: OK.
Pam: Think about your night in.
Dwight: Oh god.
Jim: What are you doing here?
Dwight: No! 
Jim: Hey man.
Pam: Hey.
Jim: I just got a text from Oscar from Pam. She thinks that your mom is coming in tomorrow and the cat's in the car.
Pam: I know what it means.
Jim: So what are you going to do with the weekend?
Pam: I don't know. I really hoped he was staying late to have lunch with us.
Jim: You know what? It's not that big a deal. We're a tiny family. Unless he decides to drive me around. Just kidding.
Pam: OK.
Jim: That was his decision. I'm trying to make him part of it.
Pam: Did you tell him that you didn't have a job?
Jim: That I did, and I'm not gonna say whether it was because of the circumstances... or maybe you're the only one who does.
Pam: Is he being an idiot?
Jim: Yes. I am not making this up.
Pam: Did he tell you what he thought of me?
Jim: That I thought you were cute.
Pam: Ha ha. Then he thought I was a little stinky.
Jim: No, he didn't! He was around boys.
Pam: Was that really much?
Jim: No, it was zero, but it felt a little bit more than that.
Pam: Well good.
Jim:
