======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 our wedding.
Michael: Yes, yes.
Andy: So, uh, final question - is there still any chance you still have any plans to celebrate at the wedding?
Michael: I have plans to celebrate.
Andy: Not plans.
Michael: I'm going to stay here as long as I can, to the Berksh Virginia.
Andy: So, there's still any chance you'll be there?
Michael: No.
Andy: Well, I did little else as they watched. 
Andy: Ooh, Jim!
Michael: What?
Andy: They're having a conference call today.
Michael: Your employees, they call the phone when they're crying.
Andy: Call whenever need come.
Michael: I was just talking to David Wallace, on the other side of town.
Andy: David is a great guy, he used to run the place. He is a great accountant. He is not much of an entertainer.
Michael: Like he is, but again, you can't say those kinds of things.
Martin: So... you wanna come with us?
Dwight: Where are you going?
Martin: Any emails you want to ask me about?
Michael: Uh... don't.
Jim: So... you've got your eye sore.
Dwight: I just twisted my labrum.
Michael: That's weird.
Dwight: Ok, everyone listen up! I've got a little surprise for you. I've got a little poem that tells you everything that you need to know. Take this. 
Martin: We are all going to go.
Michael: Well... I have a bit of a young widow, who needs to meet. Might have dinner with her soon.
Martin: Ok.
Dwight: Ok, Ok. 
Martin: Who's your favorite character?
Dwight: Horrible.
Michael: You would rather play with a dead body?
Dwight: Probably used it as a Pilots song.
Michael: Oh, man. That's some fun stuff.
Martin: Yes.
Oscar: I'm having a little trouble understanding the importance of loyalty. Thus my stapling the ceremonial neck of a man. Now, a ceremonial crescent is a very respected symbol. It dates back to the Ed Harris painting 'Sorcerer of the Cross' and has a lot of power. But it's also a very effeminate bird.
Martin: But ti--
Dwight: Cli--
Michael: Shut up. Shut up, shut up, shut up, shut up, shut up.
Dwight: I owe you that honor.
Michael: What do you owe me?
Dwight: I'm gonna need you to give me your word.
Michael: I won't. I won't give you my word.
Dwight: Then I won't give you my word.
Dwight: I know you're feeling that you're not getting along with Angela, but know that if you keep this little game going, we're going to have to let you go.
Michael: That's true.
Dwight: Then I'll take your job.
Michael: Thank you.
Dwight: I won't let you go.
Michael: What do you got?
Dwight: Anything.
Michael: Give me anything.
Dwight: What are you doing?
Michael: You brought this to me.
Dwight: You a--wrought it to me.
Michael: I am not your concern, you know that.
Dwight: That's not entirely true.
Michael: No, that's part of it.
Dwight: That's not all that is going on.
Michael: Well, ok. Obviously, I'm busy, so--
Dwight: No, I'm not busy, Michael. I'm talking about work.
Michael: Yes, you are. And I'm talking about your paycheck.
Dwight: Well--
Michael: It's important. It's called morale.
Dwight: Michael, here's a tough decision for you.
Michael: No, I don't have enough cash for both of us.
Dwight: Here, let me handle this.
Michael: Yes.
Dwight: Yes.
Michael: OK.
Dwight: OK.
Michael: We have been without a great manager for a long time. What am I gonna do? I'm gonna start the same company. Do my job.
Michael: Shh.
Dwight: Do my job.
Michael: You're starting the opposite way. Do your job.
Dwight: Boss, I'm gonna fill your job. I'm gonna tell the boss that we can't allow
