======== SAMPLE 1 ========
.
Michael: Yeah. Do-nothing!
Jan: Don't end up like Gabe.
Michael: What? I can't do that, I can't... Gabe's just like, seriously? What are you talking about?
Jan: I've always wanted to be in the witness protection program. I'm excited to be a part of Pam's wedding, which will probably be really, really great.
Michael: Yes.
Jan: So, um... how are things in Scranton? Where Michael's at first.
Michael: I'm not gonna tell Jan. Because we'll need to see which one of her friends is already on the force.
Jan: Michael, don't.
Michael: And now, guest of the year Toby Flenderson.
Toby Flenderson: Cool.
Michael: An acting academy, something like, where people demonstrate their talent through the use of acting lessons.
Karen: That sounds really...
Michael: ... rubbish.
Karen: Michael...
Michael: Please stop saying my name.
Karen: Michael...
Michael: Please stop saying your name. 
Karen: Michael, STOP CALM!
Michael: I'm not going to say it.
Jan: Michael, please.
Michael: Here we are.
Karen: This is not the way you talk to a client.
Michael: Really?
Karen: Now, this is probably gonna come down to customer service, but if it's not something you can handle, I'm sure you can handle it in private.
Michael: Oh, got it.
Karen: Everyone here heard that you crushed the sale.
Michael: Yeah, I did.
Jan: Don't dissect it. Why did I do this?
Michael: Because to talk about it in front of these people is to goodbye. It's not the end of the world. Hello? Well, end of the world it is NOW!  I am very proud of how you are able to let it all hang out and express yourself.  That's what high school was like, you used to crush people with hugs.
Jan: I've never said goodbye to anyone. Did I? No. And I may have cried over it, but there was one person I was close to kill.
Michael: You son of a bitch!
Jan: Was it my fault that I missed the deadline?
Michael: No. My fault. Yeah, you were being really mean to me, and I am not going to take it anymore.
Jan: Well, it was my fault, Michael. My fault is just part of it, and we never should have happened.
Michael: Well, I don't think you should call her, because she will claim responsibility.
Jan: Is this really all you and Stacy have to do?
Michael: Did you freak out, girl?
Jan: Well, that's not gonna happen. It's not even me.
Jim: Pam's on vacation and she gets back tomorrow, so let's just try this: just eat plain old bread. You won't hear a thing. You can cut it out. Let's just dine and sing. You can hear the beat of my voice against the darkness.
Pam: Jim's giving me money to buy cups and make happy stories. Is he gonna give it to you?
Jim: No.
Pam: Money.
Jim: Alright. Let's not say he's gonna give it to you. That's just how things work in real life. But, okay. It's still good.
Pam: What did you do to him?
Jim: Don't ever let it affect you at all.
Pam: What?
Jim: I can't even relate to that impulse.
Pam: Oh, Michael.
Michael: Yes. Oh, Pam. Meet my eye line, some of you may.
Pam: No, I don't.
Jim: OK.  That is all left.
Michael: Yes. 
Pam: Cool.
Jim: You look really cool.
Pam: Thank you. 
Michael: Yummy.
Michael: Alright. Let's get our cake on the market, because I know it wasn't the best one. Not that I did everything right, or wasn't messy.
Pam: Yeah, I was in the store, picked it out. But, it was a perfect match.
Michael: You know what? Maybe if I were a little girl the Best Mom and the Mom and the Daycare star. Then we could have a happy relationship. I joke around with David. We just don't do anything because he doesn't know.
Pam: What was the Best Ever?
Michael: That was the year that rock stars show happened.
Pam: You know what? Get over it.
Michael: I
