======== SAMPLE 1 ========
Dwight: What?
Dwight: Did the old guy throw you a birthday card he had making? Magically?
Dwight: You didn't think I did, Dwight.
Dwight: What are you doing? What?
Dwight: It's a paper company. And you know what they say about a horse who can't wait to return, what they about?
Wolf: My golden ticket idea?
Dwight: What is a hobo?
Wolf: In martial arts. A hobo sleeps on a tree top.  When I was a kid, I was taught to swim in moss. When I entered the Columbia Valley Mall, I got my jumbo check, which was justitude, the checki...
Wolf: Welcome.
Dwight: Wait a minute. Uh, how many of you are already at the stately building?
Wolf: This isn't one of those people who's just jokin' around to some fence in middle school.
Dwight: I'm taking 1890 Pennsylvania Ave., at the northernmost part of the map.
Wolf: Damn. I want to take 1890...
Dwight: You know what that is? That's a female dog park.
Wolf: Of course.
Dwight: I'll take it. It's only a teeny...
Wolf: I'm sorry, we're gonna have to leave.
Dwight: You know what that is? It's a female dog park.
Wolf: Let's both get out of here. One dog...
Erin: ...and I was trying to sleep with them one at a time. You must be exhausted from all this.
Oscar: Why are you calling me so late?
Andy: Some of us are trying to have a conversation.
Erin: Whoa. What are you talking about?
Oscar: I'm trying to mediate a talk.
Andy: Are you kidding me?
Oscar: Listen, you're taking our seats, okay? We're going to dinner, and we're gonna watch a movie together. And you clearly don't want to watch it.
Andy: I'm trying to get your take on the whole thing. Is this alright?
Oscar: No.
Andy: Can I please just say that before I left you for a minute... I did say that I was looking forward to our meal. And I'm sorry about that.
Oscar: Well that's a fine restaurant, okay? You will be served hot meat sandwiches.
Andy: We're sorry about that. These are fine. We are happy.
Oscar: Well, Andy, chop it. Some people are just too much.
Andy: Legal is not a good meal. You know what I'm talking about. These things are the only thing that keep me sane.
Dwight: These things?
Andy: They're jolly and they're romantic. The best thing to do, Pam. You might be sitting out there, waiting for an interview. Well, what if I. Do you know if there's an interview, you ever lived in Scranton or Scranton...
Dwight: I have an idea.
Andy: Then why don't you go by yourself?
Dwight: Then why don't you even drive? 
Andy: If you make it, then you'll see I'm offering you everything.
Dwight: You have an idea.
Andy: Let me see what I can do with my idea.
Dwight: You're not just going to drive around Scranton.
Andy: I think I can go further afield.
Dwight: You are.
Andy: En route, you will spend an hour at a local college and a half. You will come back and get a full week's tuition at a private college. You will even go to school with James...
Dwight: Really?
Andy: Yes.
Dwight: Howgeld is the greatest man in the world. And he has invited a few of his closest friends and you will have to laugh or lose your balance.
Andy: You invited friends?
Dwight: No.
Andy: I don't want you to have a bad time.
Dwight: As feared as I did you guys, I'm not gonna let you get in. You went after my neck.
Erin: What are you sorry for?
Andy: I'm sorry for being a jerk.
Erin: What? What?
Andy: I got a package.
Erin: Oh, did you get a package?
Andy: I don't know. No. Well, if you uh, you know, want to win this game, all right? All Right. Fine. Next up, my cousin Mose. Mose could make
