======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 You're not gonna die.
Pam: Okay.
Creed: Here...
Michael: Do you know what you're doing?
Pam: Do you know what you're asking Bob?
Michael: Um...
Pam: Do you know what you're saying to people here?
Michael: ...Nana Nana, Nana Code, it's probably the best-written work you've ever written.
Pam: I know.
Michael: It says it all. Okay.
Michael: I love a good coda. My girlfriend and I are back together. It's a ciesta. I have to drink some bologna coladas. That's the best thing ever. I'm going to Atlantic City one day, I'm gonna go to church, and I'm gonna ask some stupid questions. Question: What are you wearing?
Pam: I am wearing mostly navy.
Michael: You're stupid. You're this great guy, and yet you're always bragging about how his economy is terrible.
Oscar: It's bad.
Michael: Yeah, he's terrible, but he's one of the best guys I've ever known. So, what are you saying?
Oscar: Michael, what are you wearing?
Michael: You're having a conference room meeting, alright?
Oscar: Got it.
Michael: Well, you certainly seemed cool during the waffle, so we're just gonna take it back.
Oscar: This was in the middle of a dinner party.
Michael: Really?
Oscar: This was a quater-ball meeting.
Michael: Alright, let's move on. Let's move on to another topic. Let's get serious. Who are our target customers?
Dwight: Really terrible people.
Michael: Yeah, they are jerks. God. No, they're not. As some new customer, what I most regret is buying a paper company. Dunder Mifflin, you are not the most traditional guy, but you are what I call a classic case of what could be considered classic butt.
Dwight: Pam. Will you help me?
Pam: Sure.
Dwight: Thanks, thank you. 
Pam: Dunder Mifflin, this is Pam.
Dwight: Good morning, Michael.
Michael: Oh, hey, hey.
Dwight: Please, allow me.
Michael: How are you doing,?
Dwight: Everything's fine. What's wrong?
Michael: Everything is fine. Are you saying it's not supposed to be?
Dwight: Now then, how are you supposed to tell people who's not my girlfriend?
Michael: Well, she told me that when she asked me if it was possible to keep a secret, I told her it was impossible.
Dwight: Wait, are you drunk?
Michael: If you have a problem with me, pm me, not Dwight.
Dwight: I have a problem with you? 
Michael: Yeah, well, a lot of people are trying to kiss off the entire Pack over the weekend, but uh, they're gonna break the fourth wall.  They're gonna fall off the testicles into the bathroom.
Dwight: Will they still talk about the roof?
Michael: They wouldn't just quit the fire, Dwight.
Dwight: I know you're sitting, but it's about 11:15, and my Stumps are exhausted from the cold.
Michael: I know, well it's just a phone call away, but I really wanna make you the man who is talking to your wife.
Dwight: I'm talking to my wife.
Michael: Yes, I am.
Dwight: I will give you the answer.
Michael: Ok, no, I won't. I won't. That's never gonna happen.
Dwight: Answer me.
Michael: Ok.
Dwight: Will you stop walking for one second? Return it, I will give it.  You'll notice I didn't have a list of outgoing cards.  So, not everyone will be my accomplice.
Dwight: I started my own paper company.Michael was shocked when he heard I was talking to my ex-girlfriend. I have lots of problems with my boyfriend, and I will not stop trying. I will beat cancer.  I will kill you on your birthday.
Andy: We should celebrate yesterday. Not today, not tomorrow, not next year.
HCT: Why? Because you hate the morning!
Phyllis: What do you hate the day?
Andy: I have a lot of problems with that!
HCT Member #3: As for me, I think it's time to move on.
Andy: Stop being ridiculous.
