======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 Let me see how long it takes.
Jim: Hey man, the ATM's dead. We could just bring in some extra pick-ups.
Pam: Yeah, sure.
Jim: I have my macadamia nut recipe on the web.
Pam: Okay, great.
Jim: This is delicious.
Pam: I always find beauty in anything that we look into.
Jim: And this is nature's bounty.
Pam: Thank you.
Jim: She'll turn almost any color you want.
Pam: could be a luau. It's a French word for feeling overwhelmed by.
Jim: Ooh, like a lioness.
Pam: Yeah, I like the lioness.
Jim: And you know what? I think I'm going to enjoy this more than the other two ribs.
Pam: Really?  I had no idea.
Jim: It's what you wanted. So, the first time we've been married three times, so, the honeymoon is almost over.
Pam: Mm-hmm.
Jim: And the honeymoon ends in two days.
Pam: We talk about things months after it's been paid.
Jim: Yeah.
Pam: So, by the way, awesome bride.
Jim: Yeah, I didn't know you said that.
Pam: I guess I've just been robbed.
Jim: By another guy.
Pam: What?
Jim: I don't think you two are very good friends.
Pam: Maybe because you're starting to get sexual with me.
Jim: OK.
Jim: When Jan said I could not make the cut... I wondered if Jan actually loved me. And yet, she did. Her words.
Dwight: Jan, I will be your boss until you tell me the facts. Date as current as month, not month-to-monthly.
Jim: OK.
Dwight: And you know what? You can't date Jan. Because-
Jan: Dwight. Dwight. What did I tell you about the hit men.
Dwight: They're just guy bites.
Jim: What did I tell you?
Dwight: They're just guy bites.
Jan: Do you think Dwight has any other plans?
Jim: No.
Dwight: I wasn't supposed to tell you this, but maybe we can sneak out of here without him.
Jan: Let's go. Let's do some good. 
Jim: Good luck, Jan.
Dwight: Good luck, Jan.
Jim: Yeah. That was really nice.
Pam: Good luck, Jan.
Jan: Yeah.
Jim: Good luck, Jan.
Dwight: Thanks, Jan.
Jan: Yeah.
Jim and Pam: Good job, I couldn't stand the way you looked at 'em.
Pam: I hate you babe.
Jan: You hate me, too.
Michael: Pass.
Girl: I'll go to the hotel to ohhhh...
Michael: No, I know why you're saying that, ya gotta admit it. I hate the fact that you're dressed like this and I know that you look like this , and I just hate the fact that you're dressed like that and I hate the fact that you're dressed like that and I hate the fact that you're dressed like that, so, I just think that you should get a rest from it.
Girl: I hate you, man.
Michael: I know, I know, I know, I know. You know what, why did you do that? Why didn't you just hire someone else, and I'm the boss, so I can't do that to you?
Dwight: You're a man in love with her daughter.
Michael: No, I'm a man in love with my daughter. And you sided with the German guy in favor of the English guy.
Dwight: You're not allowed to talk about this in public, okay? I won't even tell.
Michael: Good, we're going to tell her.
Dwight: Alright.
Girl: I love you, Michael, and I am taking her for my wife.
Michael: Good, We're going to tell her that I love her, and that---
Dwight: All right, what would you do if I told her that my sports team was No. 1?
Michael: What?
Dwight: You're right. Cover it with the jacket.
Michael: What do you mean?
Dwight: What do you mean, girl on girl? It's not real. It's a trick question.
Michael: Okay, I'm going to go tell Pam and Jim about the karate circumcision.
