======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 it is. I mean people have already had experiences with flying, so...
Dwight: Yes.
Michael: And yes, I've been seriously injured.
Dwight: Oh...
Michael: If we all achieved something big today, we might not have to sell our paper. But we need to put that idea into action. We don't just... we need to get our printers out there...
Pam: Michael...
Michael: To sell.
Pam: I saw a Tinto sorting station behind this building. Wondered if I could hang out there and do my work while she was out there.
Michael: Yes. I mean do you think you could go there?
Pam: Yeah.
Michael: I'm outta here, my friends.
Angela: This is exciting.
Michael: No, no. Stop. I told you. World, is, is, is happening right now.
Kevin: No it's not, not happening. Oscar, you're saying it's happening.
Oscar: Yeah, I don't wanna say it't happening.
Kevin: What?
Angela: Kevin has a girlfriend. He told me about it.
Michael: Stop. Stop, stop, stop! Can you not see that? I brought her in to our hotel, with my business card.
Kevin: Can you not see that?
Michael: Why?
Kevin: Doesn't the paper company know?
Michael: World, is, is, is happening?
Kevin: Is it snowballing? Is Michael as dumb as he looks?
Oscar: What paper company knows about this story?
Pam: You guys have heard of it?
Michael: Toy Story.
Pam: Yes.
Michael: What are you talking about?
Pam: Toy Story.
Michael: Yes.
Pam: Hey, why don't you guys go sit in the back of the bus? Please.
Michael: We're not teenagers.
Pam: If I was 14 now, I think I'm gonna be able to get a seat cushion.
Dwight:iHUD.iHUD.8v1y.966001Unknown.Another branch of corporate yesterday, told me that their IT guy was temporarily shutting it down. Now, for the first time ever, U.S. District Court Judge Michael Montana held that the Dunder Mifflin website does not fall into the same red-zone red-zone red-zone that I zone out today.
Karen: So, um, let's keep it to about five thousand words.
Pam: That's five times more than what we have already, so...
Michael: No it's not, it's not over five thousand words.
Pam: No.
Michael: No, it's not.
Pam: No. It's fine.
Michael: It's making sense to me. Because at some point, corporate wants to put a stop to it, and they probably just need a quick phone call from corporate.
Pam: Uh, no, we don't.
Michael: That is correct.
Pam: No, we don't need a quick phone call. We just need a one hundred words.
Michael: Okay fine.
Pam: Five, lungs.
Michael: Um... Pam, Pam, please, please, please, please, please, please let's make this a movie.
Pam: I just feel like the voice you have in your head can't be anything but awful.
Michael: Um, yeah, I think you're a pretty good set designer. So what else? Here's... Here's a cake.
Katy: Why don't you like those?
Michael: Guys, what are we doing? People, sit down, enjoy some butterbeer.
Kevin: Butterbeer.
Michael: What is that? Butterbeer? What is that?
Creed: I like sweaters.
Michael: Guys, cool it.
Carol: To help us get more clients, I thought we could show them some of your clients.  Old school.  New school.
Michael: Nice.
Katy: I mean, I don't think that's New York City at all.
Pam: It sure sounds like Scranton.
Michael: Well, it doe look like New York City, where you've never been.
Katy: So what are you going to show them?
Michael: Um, just  sitting down, please.
Katy: Oh my God, when I think about it, those are the real reasons why I'm here.
Michael: Why?
Katy: Because of you.
Michael: Frankie.  Miss Katy, my love. Cheer on us.
Frankie: Alright, alright, we're falling asleep.
Michael: Boo
