======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 say that. You know what, you're right and you're smart and you know all the jokes. Well, in an ideal world...
Jim: Sorry I said that, aren't you?
Pam: I'm really good...
Jim: Right... Um...
Pam: And I'm really good at hiding jokes.
Jim: I forgot, however, that you were a half-baked pick. Are you ready for this?
Pam: Yes.
Jim: You find honesty between the sheets of paper, right? Let's test it.
Pam: I'm in this company where I mess with other people's families. If I don't want to work, I'll just go home.
Jim: If you want to come over for dinner, we can go to a bar.
Pam: And I will tell him, I'm a single mom here.
Jim: I'm single.
Pastor: I want God into our marriage.
Pastor: I pledge to do all in my power to help Michael and forward. My prayers are with the families of those who died here today.
Pastor: Don't blow it.
Pastor: I'll die.
Jim: This is what our task was: To save the very soul that gave life.
Dwight: Andy.
Andy: Come on!
Pastor: Alive, according to tradition.
Pastor: That's the way you want to do it.
Andy: Well, I heard a song called Don't Blow It and headed back to bed, but I still don't know what that song is.
Pastor: One of the founders of Sabre has died, a lady who died of blunt force trauma and a son of a bitch.
Andy: Bitch!
Pastor: The breadsticks need to be fastamed, not split upon closer examination.
Andy: I bring to your funeral my song, as a friend of ours.
Pastor: It is time to come home. We have a pie and a bread.
Andy: I have already started the presentation, the trumpeters are playing some high pitched instruments, the audience is singing along and...mysterious little girl...Ryan.
Dwight: I'll introduce you to some of the local kids who are goofing around. Oscar, go to the movies. I'm watching Terminator.
Jim: Wait, don't you just really think of it as a kid thing, like in school you might think she went to America, which might be a little early for her, but...um, it's early for her.
Dwight: Oscar's grandmother was a receptionist, that's where she met the girl you're seeing.
Jim: Okay, it's not that, it's not that, it's not the prettiest moment of your life.
Dwight: Oh, it's premature to talk about this, is it? I was waiting for that yet again, you know, kind of screwed up, 'cause I'm thinking a little girl, maybe a little girl.
Jim: I thought you said that earlier when you were with Oscar?
Dwight: I did. But you have to be mature, enough to know that it wasn't me. It's just you and Oscar, you know, I think what we're doing is weakin' things kind of funny.
Jim: Are you going to get out of here?
Dwight: What?
Jim: Are you going to quit?
Dwight: What?
Michael: Jan Levinson, please. Forgive my French, but I'm-
Jan: Michael, don't call me that.
Michael: Okay.
Jan: I have one of these.
Michael: Okay. Here's the thing, we are making ma suggsted, well, we're just gonna to thrust you all into the light.
Jan: What'd I just say, ma suggsted?
Michael: I don't know, it's just...
Jan: Don't call me that.
Michael: ...quoted from the Bible.
Jim: Nope, not literally.
Pam:bara.
Jim: Thank you. I appreciate the correction, but I just wanted to say that I think the mural is really beautiful.
Pam: Really? I don't know.
Jim: Yeah, it's really beautiful.
Jan: We are very, very proud of our family. Our CFO, he's a close friend of ours, my brother and one of his friends too. So I guess he's really just a cool, cool, cool kid from a capella.
Michael: Oh, who talked to you?
Pam: The CFO.
Jan: Well, who talked to you?
Michael: The CFO. Actually, who did you talk to?
Toby: Well, we
