======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 It's getting pretty good.
Andy: Well, really. What do you...
Creed: Hey.
Andy: Hey guys.
Creed: There we go. Pick something crazy to throw at Erin.
Darryl: That looks great.
Andy: Yeah, it does. Well, it doesn't have to be crazy, it can just...
Andy: Andy, it's not crazy. I mean, it can't be crazy. It's just one of those things that if you don't do something crazy, people think you're some kind of weird stalker psycho.
Phyllis: Andy, why don't you tell us what happened between you and the gas station?
Andy: Guys, I gotta go. I'm supposed to back off. Some people are just gonna deal with it.
Darryl: What are you talking about?
Andy: Just doing my job.
Dwight: Aughstchen, wir  Eighteen  Eleven, een  Here we go. 
Andy: Alright!
Dwight: Aughstchen, oh 
Andy: Damn it!
Dwight: Aughstchen, ohh it's all yours .
Andy: No I'm not.
Dwight: Aughstchen, 
Jim: Smokey's finally found his man? I don't know what kind of man he is, but at least he's got a cigarette.
Dwight: I'd like to try one of these. Uhhh, I don't know if it's right now but let me just think about it... Just had a little over night, actually. Um, anyway, I was looking at applicants and I was yanking on the blindfolds, but thinking that maybe there were some--
Dwight: Did you something call Jim?
Pam: Oh, yeah. He was kind of spooky.
Dwight: What? Something happened. I am not a bad person.
Pam: Well, yeah. I saw a picture of a cat and I killed it.
Dwight: In the first place I bought her a gun to protect her from being molested. And the picture  was from a youtube movie called PETA. So you can pay for movies with that money. Isn't this the PoA?
Pam: I think you should call him.
Dwight: Pam, in the future, I will buy your car. And when you're done, you can have my job.
Pam: Thank you.
Jim: The senator and I have been having an amazing time working together.
Pam: Yes. And we have some wonderful couples.
Jim: The wedding was very important to me. It was. And the timing of the ceremony was very... important. But there had to be a problem. There was a problem with the senator.
Pam: I miss that.
Jim: That's really sweet.
Pam: Yeah. I--I love the senator. He's--he's--you know what? It's so exciting.
Jim: The senator and I have been having an amazing time.
Pam: We're going to Jim's house.
Jim: Pam and I were going to celebrate Jim's birthday.
Pam: Right. How did you know he knew about my mole mole?
Jim: No Daryl. Secret.
Dwight: What is it?
Jim: Obviously, since we're living together.
Dwight: Mose a mole?
Jim: The perfect English toast.
Dwight: Mose is bacchanal.
Dwight: Did Jim tell you that I wanted to get married?
Darryl: Yeah, I promised them my bedroom.
Dwight: Hey, Cece's candy bar, turns out it's still pretty cool.
Jim: I know. Before we leave tomorrow, I would love to have my family here. My wife, Meredith. We had our European vacation. A few Spaniards came. But mostly I had to stay and out of it.
Pam: Hey, how you feel about the new boss?
Jim: Yeah, you know what? It's good to see Jim.
Pam: Hey, um, I was really looking forward to being manager. But then I thought of something. And I thought it'd be really cool. And it actually would be weird.
Jim: Oh, you're not gay. You're cool.
Pam: Right. 
Pam: When we leave tomorrow, I want you to tell me that you have a great time at Meredith's, because we have a huge, giant meeting later.
Jim: Yes.
Pam: So you'll miss her, don't you?
Jim: That's a shame.
Pam: Yes
