======== SAMPLE 1 ========
.
Michael: I think we all know what that means. So let me ask you, was that your car? That's all you had to drink?
Irene: What? No.
Michael: Did everybody get one?
Dwight: Yes.
Michael: Well, then it will be all you.
Dwight: Okay. Yes.
Michael: Well, then I don't think I owe them anything.
Dwight: It's just that I am the alpha male.
Michael: That's true.
Dwight: Okay, so who's the alpha guy here? Pam?
Pam: Dwight, you didn't think to ask me.
Dwight: I didn't. Actually I didn't. It's just that we have to do this because, we have to do this as a group, not as a group of people.
Ryan: I thought that you thought I shouldn't have seen that.
Michael: I don't know, this is probably the worst. Everyone watches Michael Scott on the radio.
Creed: Well, I just-- I guess it's never gonna happen again.
Michael: Okay, just so I don't have to go into it, you guys.
Meredith: I am so happy that I got the job.
Michael: Actually, I think that it was actually quite a ride. I think we're happy. I mean, we're happy.
Dwight: Michael.
Michael: Yes.
Dwight: Do you want to talk about this in private?
Michael: I...
Dwight: Don't sign it.
Michael: There's no place to put it. Sign it. Sign it.
Dwight: Son of a bitch.
Michael: All right.
Dwight: I'm the one who complained about you.
Michael: Stop it.
Dwight: You are the one who complained about me.
Michael: Stop it right now. Stop it right.
Dwight: I was just venting.
Michael: No, no, no. I got you.
Dwight: Your daughter?
Michael: It was a mistake. And frankly, I don't think it's one of our traditions.
Dwight: But it was a mistake?
Michael: Yes.
Dwight: But I don't understand why anyone would storm this building in a ruffian dress.
Michael: It's just ruffly, Dwight. It's a uniform.
Dwight: It's a uniform, Michael.
Michael: I'm just making conversation.
Dwight: No, no, please. We have a very strict policy here not to let this happen.
Michael: You know what, everybody? Nobody's guilty of anything.
Michael: Ohh, I'm sorry.
Creed: I encouraged it. I couldn't have done it without you.
Michael: I... You know I was being really mean to her.
Michael: Oh, really? Was I? I just, I mean, inappropriate. I don't know. I just, I would like to say that, to be honest. I have an ace. I mean, I think I did.
Dwight: I'm going to go after Josh.
Michael: No.
Dwight: I was gonna go after Josh.
Michael: No, no, no.
Dwight: I was gonna go after Josh.
Michael: I was gonna go after Josh.
Dwight: Michael Scott, you may find this very offensive, but the people who run this office have been... terminally mobile.
Michael: Really?
Dwight: Yeah.
Michael: For the past six years I have been the Regional Manager of this branch.
Dwight: That's not what I said.
Michael: What?
Dwight: I did not say that.
Michael: Was I telling you what?
Dwight: I said that.
Michael: I always thought that the time when we got together was the best way to make a difference and achieve something. And I think that you saw that in me. And that's why I did everything I could to try and get her back.
Michael: Oh, so you have a special place?
Dwight: No, you look at me the same way you look at a teacher.
Michael: Dwight, you got it.
Dwight: Sometimes when I'm back with the group, the teachers will tell us to beat our major drugs. Got that? Got that?
Michael: No, they're not necessarily saying that. I'm talking about the subjects that we're applying for, we're interviewing a great many people, to be in charge of New York, Florida, California, and India.
Dwight
