======== SAMPLE 1 ========
wight: Yes, I am.
Robert: No, Dwight not to that.
Dwight: Just that I am.
Robert: Dwight not to that.
Dwight: Oh, yes, I am. I am going to apologize for your pain. Thank you.
Robert: I apologize for your pain.
Dwight: I'm not apologizing. I just want to be friends.
Susan: I love you, Dwight.
Dwight: Not really, because I'm mad at Dwight. But, because I thought he was a sexist. Aw, be nice to him, woman!
Robert: I never said you were a sexist.
Dwight: I'm not, I never said that. I just said it. The question is, should I continue to say it, or is it too late?
Susan: I don't know.
Dwight: Is there an easy way to tell if someone is a sexist? Let's put it this way. If my friend Cathy reports a cheating husband, there is a 75% chance that I'm not going to get caught. If I did, nothing would happen to me.
Oscar: Sounds like you have this kind of confessionary skill.
Ryan: Yeah.
Oscar: I can tell if they cheating.
Ryan: Tut, teddy, you're always on the inside.
Oscar: I hope nothing disturbing ever happens to you.
Ryan: Tut, teddy, you're always on the inside.
Oscar: I don't know.
Susan: I was not, and haven't said anything. I even have my old job. I am now Regional Manager of a small paper supply company.
Dwight: So you know what? This is a bad idea.
Susan: Yeah, I wouldn't put it past her.
Dwight: I would not put it past her.
Susan: Well, I don't think it goes far enough.
Dwight: Yes, I would not.
Susan: I would not join the rest of us in saying that.
Dwight: I know what it is. He messed up your whole situation. All of a sudden he's got the whole thing back. Let's not go back in to this. All right, all right.
Robert: All right.
Susan: You have to go.
Robert: I will tell him.
Susan: Tell him.
Robert: I'm sorry. I'm afraid I'm leaving.
Susan: Ahhh.
Robert: Andy.
Andy: Hey, my friend.
Robert: I was looking over your projections, and I said that we should probably wrap it up last week.
Andy: Yeah, OK.
Robert: I think the bad parts have already been done.
Andy: Well, kind of a good news, bad news situation.
Robert: You don't need to keep on worried, cause we'll all calm down later.
Andy: I am heading out to Poor Richard's for my yoga class.
Robert: God, don't think of it as a party. It's just a good yoga guy.
Andy: Well, I'm gonna sit down at my desk and I'm interviewing you.
Robert: I'll let you man.
Andy: Whoa, you haven't said anything yet. It's gonna be a real thrill to see you there.
Robert: Shoot.
Andy: I knew it when I saw you talking to Dwight.
Robert: Ahh. Yeah, you know, it's going to be good to know someone who will sit with you.
Andy: I know. It's gonna be good.
Robert: You're the best.
Andy: I know. It just goes to show... that you don't get to be everybody's idea.
Robert: Well...
Andy: You know, I don't think we need to spend a lot of time together.
Robert: Yeah.
Andy: Just want to assure you that. That is a very good reason.
Robert: Thank you.
Andy: I swear, that is not gonna happen.
Robert: Well, I'm not a total make-believe.
Andy: Well, I do believe that.
Robert: I frankly don't see how we can help you.
Andy: Well, you're made of really strong leadership.
Robert: That's very helpful.
Andy: Yeah.
Robert: And I'm your COO.
Andy: That's what I believe.
Robert: CEO and I have worked on some amazing projects, and I have sacrificed a lot of time just to get there this time.
Andy: This is not a good plan.
Robert: And I'm not bluffing. As a company, we have to listen to our customers. We have to have a plan.
Andy: We need
