======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 did like two glasses of water.
Erin: Michael.
Michael: No, all right? I'm all right.
Erin: Shut up.
Michael: Mmm-hmm.
Erin: He's all right. 
Kevin: The image of a scared little girl on your birthday can really kick-er.
Kelly: Mmm-hmm.
Kevin: You misspelled it.
Pam: Wow. He's still pretty good. 
Jim: Well, that was weird. Because we totally were dating for like, a month? And then he changed his Facebook friend back to a real boyfriend? And then he made you a post that read, I don't understand how you can say this, but I think maybe Jim Halpert helped you out.
Pam: Jim helped me out? Really?
Jim: Well, you're clearly upset. Can you cry?
Pam: Of course. How can I explain this? Jim helped me out? That's the problem.
Erin: Hey, guys. I thought that you were gonna take the dog.
Angela: No. Why would I do that?
Erin: Because I thought that you'd keep the dog.
Angela: Okay, it's my understanding that you feel that the dog's not in a better home with you -
Dwight: Just take the dog.
Erin: Take the cat.
Dwight: I can't. I don't feel well. Can you go to the doctor?
Angela: You can go to the vet?
Dwight: Right. I need to know. Everything that's been done on this front so far is wrong. Okay? Five minutes. Check on Angela. She's OK. Five minutes of real help. Get out there. I need to see if she's seizure-proof. Seriously. She's at a hospital.
Pam: You know, I've been to India. I can guarantee you that the place is full of very tasty, very tasty-sized bodies. And it is a myth. Formica women, Madrasan. Habbaha, mahabbaha, mahabbaha, bum-boom, bumble bee, madrasan. It's all in the name of sweets and the origins of modern medicine. So, back to the hospital.
Erin: Hey.
Dwight: Hey.
Erin: What if I give you a shot of piper, my medicine?
Dwight: What are yummy, my friendy?
Mysterious woman: What are yummy, my friendy?
Dwight: Mmm.
Mysterious woman: Hmm.
David Wallace: Dunder-Mifflin, this is David Wallace.  Hello, this is Dwight Schrute. Just taking phones and talking, and some slash work... sport. Uh, somebody will be scheduled for later today, but I suggest you do your research--  and call Bob...  and tell him you're going to do your routine.
Jim: 'Cause it sounds like there's some significance to Stanley's scolding.
Pam: Yep, she got the scolding.
David Wallace: Yep.
Kevin: Yep, Carroll's a big kid, big kid, big kid. You do whatever you gotta do, baby.
Michael: You know there's books on the topic of anxiety. And these are smart. Because I've been stress taming for years. And my best friend in the office has a book called Fireball on the Internet. It's the scariest book on the subject. The thing is, I put it on the flute so she can't sing it whenever she wants to. She's gonna puke it out.
Jim: Dwight, are you exhausted?
Dwight: Never.
Jim: Mmm.
Dwight: I'm coming to bust you out. You know that, buddy?
Jim: Okay, well, it's a good day. I mean, we came out to dinner and it was fine.
Dwight: You found it?
Jim: Yes. We are moving to the condo.
Dwight: Yes, we want your place.
Jim: So, we're still gonna be in a few years and you're gonna save money by not moving.
Dwight: That's what she said.
Jim: Yes, I would save money on labor and travel. And if I were to hire an idiot to do that? That's gonna be cheaper.
Dwight: Come on!
Michael: So that's it, huh? All right, good stuff.
Bob: That's all you gotta write 'em.
Michael: That's-that's all you've got to say.
Bob: That's how you do it, Michael.
Michael:
