======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 Any thing that I've been working on, that I can definitely promise you. Right now, I'm just going through a whirlpool.
Andy: Whirlpool? I didn't know you knew how to drive a canoe.
Kelly: Well, I guess I just have a rush.
Andy: Well, guess what? I'm in the wrong boat. I'm in the wrong boat with Darryl.
Phyllis: Hey, it's me. You don't have to fake getting in the way.
Lauren: That's not mean.
Lauren: Ugh. 
Lauren: Oh, you think that's mean? That's like, my name was on it.
Lauren: It's just inappropriate to ask a friend to do that. I mean, scary how that can happen.
Lauren: I'm just trying to help you Andy.
Erin: Andy, how may I help you?
Isabel: You're going to get much, much worse if you don't do this
Andy: This is all I'm speakin' about.
Michael: You listen to me, and you treat me like I'm a child, and I need this relationship with Erin.
Dwight: She's not a child.
Michael: Yes she is. And the point is I want her back. I want her fired. I just, I don't seem to understand why you're saying that.
Dwight: Michael, we can't fire you.
Michael: Yes you can. I'll talk to her. I want her gone.
Dwight: Michael, it's simple. we just, we don't want her back.
Michael: We can't talk about this in front of her.
Dwight: Yeah, but she looks like she's wanted for a long time.
Michael: Oh, I see, I get it.
Dwight: She's such a special kitty. So cute. So sweet. And so kind. And all-encompassing.
Michael: Heh, he makes me think about what's really important here. Helpless. Fatherless. Egg facing the toilet.
Dwight: Well, this isn't very romantic.
Michael: Yes it is.
Dwight: We're not considered well-adjusted.
Michael: Basically, this office is failing. The old guard are gonna go under. And that's not gonna be a good thing for us. The people I trust will leave their inhibitions and get in the car and moo the streets. It's gonna be a lot of fun. A lot of mayhem.
Michael: So... 
Jim: Yes.
Michael: A lot of fun.
Oscar: But not all the way. What are your top five ideas?
Toby: I have my top five ideas.
Jim: Alright. Alright, got it.  Ah, they're just ideas. No, no, I'm not going to weigh--
Toby: Um, yeah, I brought them down because they were not good ideas. They were disgusting and humiliating and none of them would fly in my office.
Jim: Alright, well, I can't do this.
Toby: Alright, well can I? It's kind of a climb.
Jim: I can't do this. You have to say something.
Toby: Please, Jim, I have to say something.
Nellie: I say we go in there find out, find out what the fallout is.
Dwight: Look, I see the security tapes. I see the fax machines. I see the security dash cameras. I also saw the same security dash cameras that you saw in the bathroom.
Nellie: Ok, no, no, no. You can't say that those tapes are the only thing that happened. There are a lot of distractions this year. I'm going to establish a baseline here that people around the office can overlook.
Stanley: Go in there and just have Swayze and say Hey Hey Hey.
Dwight: No. No, Stanley.
Nellie: Basher, sit back, have a good day.
Stanley: Swayze and I have been working side-by-side, and as Administrator, with great efficiency. And as your boss, I will ensure that those programs are open and matching.
Stanley: I don't know that I can do that.
Dwight: It's too tight. There should be a belt.
Nellie: That will work.
Dwight: That? That's a flush-screen.
Nellie: Mmm, mm, mm, whoa. Obvious thumbs down or up there.
Dwight: That's a good idea.
Nellie: Yeah.
Jim: Hey
