======== SAMPLE 1 ========
.
Michael: Oh, that was one picture, please.
Pam: Hello everybody.
Michael: Hi. You took the lead on this one. As you know, the corporate accounts of Dunder Mifflin Infinity reveal that it's supported by a proven entity, with a proven entity.
Creed: Well, no, no, no, no. No. It's not me.
Oscar: The thing about bogus gift certificates, every gift comes with a guarantee. You give us a guarantee.
Michael: Well, usually you get them with money, right?  All right.  Day. O'clock.
Pam: We're not supposed to believe a computer has come into this office.
Kelly: Michael, you don't seem to know it.
Michael: We're supposed to believe that you have some kind of secret weapon against me.
Dwight: Okay, Michael.
Michael: Okay, you know what? I shouldn't be surprised, either. Anyone knows everything about me?
Stanley: This is weird. I had no idea.
Michael: Yes, you did. Anyone else? Nobody? Okay, well, goodbye. Well, we're not leaving tomorrow morning, obviously. Sorry. What is going on?
Michael: Well, Andy picked the team that he thought should be the team that he started. The Americans. The Koreans. The Danish Jaks. I picked the American Eagles.
Angela: How do you feel about yourself?
Andy: Just relieved in that office.
Phyllis: Good.
Andy: It's exciting. I know what it's like to be completely paralyzed.
Phyllis: That's what I thought.
Andy: We can't wait until you move your hamster into a chair.
Oscar: Andy, we will start here at Erinville.
Andy: Yes, very.
Erin: Andy?
Andy: Yes!  How did Andy make it so late for?
Erin: What a weird thing.
Andy: He hooked me up with a job offer. Or he hooked me up with a girlfriend. It's just weird.  Come to Papa. We're gonna visit. And there's only one office party that we're gonna notice about that.
Erin: Well, I'm not gonna invite any of my friends. We're gonna have the best time in the parlor.
Andy: What?
Erin: We're not gonna invite any of my friends.
Andy: Oh, no. Not gonna happen. Because we're splitting up. See how long it takes? Five minutes?
Erin: Oh, do you mean you and I?
Andy: I mean me and my friends.
Erin: That's true.
Andy: Then why are we and the only one?
Erin: The only one.
Andy: Then why aren't we here?
Erin: Oh, that's a great question.
Andy: If the world were a paper company, and you only had sales, we'd be in a position to be the best salesmen ever. We'd be the best salesmen ever. And most importantly, we'd be the best human beings ever.
Michael: Shh, so, corporate thinks I'm doing this for them, but I think they're pretty excited about moving me to their biggest client.
Kelly: Or Ryan.
Michael: No, she thinks this is her life. 
Dwight: She thinks it's her job to clean up after the board when it comes to Michael Scott Paper Company.
Michael: We're told that there's a lot of interest in joining the board.
Michael: Ah.
Dwight: But the board never agreed on it.
Michael: So there's that.
Dwight: So there's that.
Michael: So there's that.
Dwight: Kelly? Get rid of that! NOW!
Michael: Ow! Ew! What are you doing?
Dwight: It's not up to you. I just did it. Remember? When's the last time you used this technique?
Michael: Last year, barely. I was exhausted. Ooh. Why didn't any of you do anything?
Dwight: Got nauseous again.
Michael: Now we're not sure what happened. But we're hoping it makes us feel better.
Dwight: It makes us feel better. Or, it makes us feel worse.
Michael: I can't say that that's what happened.
Dwight: It'll be up to the board to decide.
Michael: Well, it's too late now. I'm begging you to reconsider.
Dwight: I can't. I mean, I always thought Michael was the only one that was really pressing, and then I thought he was gonna push away
