======== SAMPLE 1 ========
.... I'm sorry, are you talking about me or about the chair, or the chair?
Dwight: It doesn't matter. It's the chair. Oh no, don't use the chair in the middle.
Jim: What does the chair look like?
Dwight: You never know when you're gonna get it wrong.
Jim: Okay. Let's get it right.
Dwight: Jim, I gotta get you these.
Jim: Oh it's pretty easy.
Dwight: Oh, I gotta do it.
Jim: Do it.
Dwight: Okay, I'm in.
Jim: Ok.
Oscar: You're gonna get this. They're on me.
Darryl: You're gonna get this.
Jim: You got it.
Oscar: I have to finish it right now. Can everyone get to the end line?
Jim: Hey, I'm getting yelled at. I'm not gonna get yelled at like in the first place.
Pam: Well, ok, all right. All right.  Whoa.  Okay. I'm gonna tell Dwight that...
Erin: It looks like the chair's in the wrong place.
Phyllis: Oh, I'm sure she's in the wrong place, too.
Dwight: I hope she's in the correct chair.
Oscar: Yeah, look at her feet it's on the floor, so make the right choice.
Angela: I know. I just don't know.
Oscar: If she's in a chair, then yeah, maybe she's on the floor too.
Phyllis: Dwight, can we talk about this later?
Dwight: I can't. I don't want to hear it.
Angela: Okay.
Dwight: But it would be nice if she would use the exact spot she chose. So, Dwight.  Phyllis, make a choice.
Angela: Well, the chair is on the same floor as her.
Dwight: But it would be nice if she would choose the exact spot she chose.
Angela: So, I'm sure she'll agree, but Dwight might want an extra chair. 
Dwight: Okay.
Angela: Dwight?
Dwight: Okay, Phyllis!
Phyllis: Dwight, why are you so hard to talk to?
Dwight: Because I love you. 
Phyllis: Dwight...
Dwight: And you love this chair.
Phyllis: Dwight.
Oscar: I can't move it. 
Phyllis: Dwight, don't move it.
Dwight: Oh, Dwight!
Stanley: What's going on here?
Dwight: We're in a meeting. Are you sure?
Meredith: I'm sure.
Dwight: And I brought it in.
Kevin: That was the chair that you said you wanted. 
Dwight: Yeah, and it looks exactly like the chair Jim and I have, so no weird adjustments.
Darryl: What?  I brought this chair.
Dwight: Oh, it's mine. It's what you'd use for the back.
Meredith: Uh...
Dwight: A good chair would be enough for this office. I'm going to use this chair 
Jim: Can you hold on, keep moving so I don't fall asleep?
Pam: Oh, no. I'm going to let you try.
Oscar: Just make yourself comfortable.
Andy: I am not sleeping with Pam. This seat is way too small.
Ryan: Look at her body. Her nipples are way too small. She's been in more or less the entire office of the woman I slept with. That must be the case with Jim. He sleeps with Dwight.
Phyllis: We just found out who actually slept with Darryl.
Pete: Andy, there's two parties here, and I don't know what's going on.
Andy: Let's see, Dwight is having an affair with one of the party's guests.
Kevin: You know what? No. That's a good person. But, I guess why would you want me to stay on so I can have her?
Pam: I would have to, but they're out of my budget.
Andy: But I think the difference between me and Dwight is that, uh, one of them has an older daughter and the other one's not interested in dating Dwight.
Kevin: Okay, Andy, I'm calling you two to settle the issue, and I'm going to give you both the benefit of the doubt.
Kelly: You and me are very different people.
Dwight
