======== SAMPLE 1 ========
: Alright, well I will give you a heads up. But first a goodbye.  Awww, you crazy people. You've been touched by my presence, and you're going to want to soak in a while, huh huh huh.
Michael: Hey. Listen up. Thank you for your help today. Today I was tasked with assisting in the delivery of some insurance documents. Just telling you that Michael Scott Paper has been assigned to three shipments a week here in Scranton, Pennsylvania. Insurance in use: We will deliver those documents to your doorstep!
Oscar: Who drives a car...
Michael: Yeeee...
Angela: ... is definitely driving them.
Michael: That's not... it's not driving them. Let's go please.
Kevin: This is a terrible day for you.
Michael: Yeah... your worse now that we've got insurance .
Angela: No, the worst day ever was my worst.
Michael: Okay, let's go, come on in.
Angela: I think that I'm our neighbors.
Michael: Hey, nice meeting everyone. from Amazon, Needles all the way. Let's go.
Dwight: Michael, it's Phillip from Thailand.
Michael: And actually, it's me.
Dwight: No, it's um, Kapoor.
Michael: Really?
Dwight: No, it's um, Kapoor.
Michael: No, we're just friends. Just good friends.
Dwight: I happen to know that Phillip Shieldack was out on a sudden and unexpectedly and...
Michael: Hey.
Dwight: Hey, what is it? Where are you?
Michael: I have a new charger for my Macadamata. Kind of.
Dwight: It's a little bit bigger than my old one, which is a Papa Bear.
Michael: We should... OK, you know what? I am the boss, not you. Let's do this.
Dwight: And you are threatening to sue me?
Michael: Oh yes.
Dwight: Then you have a lot of explaining to do and I hate to see you having to explain anything to me.
Michael: OK, just, no, no. Dwight...
Dwight: You've got a lot to deal with, Michael. We could be on a date.
Michael: Alright.
Dwight: I'm kinda sad that I wrote you an accidentals.
Michael: What?
Dwight: These are all hand-painted pieces of paper. Sometimes you have to paint your desk the way you see it, because of the shadows.  You're getting directions, right?
Michael: This is for Face to Faces magazine.
Dwight: Do you have a subscription?
Michael: No.
Dwight: This is for a beautiful wall.
Michael: You? What is it?
Dwight: Poupons.
Michael: Oh.
Dwight: I put here a nice magazine about Pennsylvania.
Michael: Poupons? What kind of subscription do you get for that little subscription?
Dwight: For a page on the Internet, it's a Poupon.
Michael: Oh.  That's enough.
Dwight: Basically if you want to picture somebody, all they need to do is take a rectangle of a picture and tape that right over there.
Michael: You know what? Why don't I write out the address of the person who asked for the address of the picture?
Dwight: Compliment me for prontoing.
Andy: Dwight. Dwight.
Dwight: Oh.  Gah.
Andy: I've always wanted to come into this painting training camp.
Dwight: And I'm gonna say something to you, class notars, or whatever, so just trust me, nothing is suspicion.
Andy: You're gonna say something?
Dwight: Anything?
Andy: Anything.
Dwight: Like, I don't even know... who the heck is?
Andy: You gonna say lunch on the phone, or dinner on the phone, or...
Dwight: Nothing is suspicion.
Andy: Either...
Dwight: That's too much, you guys.
Andy: Unless, of course, you think the Applicant has a bug. In which case, she is free to flirt with the Applicant. Of course. That's not harassment, Dwight.
Dwight: Ahh-chaa!
Andy: Kevin! Crap.
Dwight: Oh, and Applicant has a tiny problem with her cell phone charger.
Andy: Applicant is using the same charger as I did, which is why I had to make her an offer to pay me a fee for new use.

