======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 question in the meeting that you had with him.
Michael: No, there are other meetings that you can't refuse.
Kevin: So, yes, that was tough. Just so you know, it's not a big deal.
Angela: Thank you.
Kevin: Hey, Jim, your barber is always here around then.
Michael: Hey, Jim, if I and Jim are wearing the same bar, then no excuses.  Great. We should practice together.
Jim: So, I just got the relevant information... from last year... and you know, if we have a safety issue, then we've been issuing couple of safety recalls.
Michael: Alright. Acting on it, Jim.
Jim: So, I'm not going to tell Dwight on the record.
Pam: You can refuse it, but you can't refuse it.
Michael: Ok, well, I don't want to keep getting in the fight.
Jim: But you know why? Because you think it's worth it.
Michael: Because I believe in this place. I believe in this thing. And the thing that we're creating isn't worth it.
Dwight: And we can prove it will cost you nothing.
Michael: It is a two man job. I respect that.
Dwight: I don't.
Michael: Ok.
Dwight: You can come and sit at my desk.
Michael: Ok.
Dwight: When we leave this office, let's face it -  this is stupid.
Michael: I don't have any evil moles in the woods. Just go home.
Dwight: This is what you get when you work for five hours a day.
Michael: You don't have to put on your work shirt.
Dwight: You will love it.
Michael: No, I will. I will be in my office in case anybody in the office wants to come to our meeting.
Dwight: This is a wonderful idea and I am proud to be a part of it.
Michael: Really? Then sign it. Ok?
Dwight: What?
Michael: So, now we're part of the same family.
Dwight: Why do you think that's offensive?
Michael: Because I spent the last three years perfecting my haircut. I like it.
Dwight: Perfect haircut. Ugh. Then I woken up and I went to the bathroom and I did the same thing six times.
Michael: Ok.
Dwight: And then I went to the bathroom and I did the same thing twice.
Michael: That's wack.
Dwight: It's not. I can't do that the second time. So that defeats the whole concept of the soap.
Michael: It is now time to get Michael in to the true essence of insanity.
Jim: What am I supposed to do with an amoeba?
Michael: They make me do things. They promote me. I don't really have a job. Turns out, I'm really passionate about antigravity machines.
Jim: Who's that?
Michael: Who promoted me.
Jim: What?
Michael: I don't know who did, but they promoted me.
Jim: Oh! Big deal.
Michael: It's not even a big deal, is it? Because if it is, then you know I am not going to work. I get death several times a year, no respect. They say I'm the slowest guy in the office.  I don't even know how to use a phone.
Jim: This is stupid.
Michael: OK, but by the way, I'm just being fair.
Jim: That's not fair, because you made a real offer, and Iobotty went crazy.
Michael: That's not fair.
Jim: No, I made a really good offer.
Michael: Yes, that is correct.
Jim: Got it.
Michael: They're not gonna give you any raises. So you have no money. So you can't get raises.
Jim: That's not fair.
Michael: Fair enough.
Jim: OK. Right, who said that?
Michael: I don't know, it was Creed.
Jim: That is correct.
Charles: Hey, there's a package of guns in my bathroom. Do you think I could take it?
Michael: No, I don't. But you can take it with you.
Charles: OK.
Michael: Take it with you.
Charles: Thank you.
Michael: Just have fun with this.
Michel: Onberry dot.
Michael: And I will take you to Loch Ness.
Charles: We do sometimes.
Michael: Oh, how we doing? We're good.

