======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 could we talk about this today?
Michael: No, no, no.
Dwight: Michael, you can't have a discussion about paper that is being distributed around the office.
Michael: No, we're not going to want to...
Dwight: You said you didn't want a discussion about paper that is made up of people making up their own minds.
Michael: I think we're done here.
Toby: This is a pretty standard line of communication between corporate and the press. They only talk about it because you say it.
Michael: Well, we can't discuss sensitive material outside of corporate approval, thanks.
Toby: Well, what's up... Well, sometimes our terms of reference mix it up.
Dwight: You're correct. We'll talk about it on the air.
Toby: OK, we'll talk about it on the air. Yes, we'll talk about it on the air, too.
Michael: Let's put the focus back on the conversation and concentrate on the presentation to the employees.
Toby: We do, however, have to decide if this constitutes inappropriate conduct.
Michael: No, we don't have to decide it any other way.
Toby: What if it is? What if it is?
Dwight: Michael, please. Keep it on the record.
Michael: Well, let me ask you if you...
Toby: We are in.
Michael: That's very interesting.
Dwight: OK, yes, we are.
Michael: You've just gotta decide.
Dwight: I agree.
Michael: You've gotta choose.
Dwight: Fine.
Michael: No. I'll go with...
Erin: Is this the Sabre office?
Nellie: Look I love you guys.
Kevin: No, absolutely.
Andy: Hi. Nice to meet you guys.
Erin: Love ya.
Nellie: Let's have a seat. Just to give you a small example, here's a shot. Say hello. Bye. 
Erin: Oh.
Darryl: What? No, no, no, guys! We'll just get it on. We are very sorry.
Darryl: We made a mistake filling this up. It's not just that Pam is sleeping with Toby. Everyone's sleeping with Pam.
Angela: It's not just that Pam's doing it. Everybody. Get it on.
Angela: I thought you guys had it together.
Toby: You wanna know why I didn't call Dunder Mifflin?
Angela: Look, I have a lot of work to do today. I'm sorry. 
Angela: I had no idea that today would be so chaotic.
Andy: Hey lady. I just finished up my lunch. What is your favorite flavor of prime rib?
Erin: I'll tell you why. It's the honor.
Andy: Pam has an amazing gift. She gave me two sets of maraschino cherries. One for Valentine's Day, the other for Halloween. 
Pam: Well, congrats. I really appreciate your taking the time to visit.
Jim: Oh, I hate Mondays. I always am. I live by a different rule than the week revolves around me. Do you think Angela should bake a whole loaf of fudgie brownie batter? It's not even brownie batter. It's brown sugar. Angela, it's brown sugar, honey, don't judge me, this is so incredibly dandy.
Jim: You know what? Let me just put your hands together and hope that some of you like that Angela gets to marry Phyllis tomorrow. But I really don't need to see her in person.
Erin: You did say that.
Andy: Uh, Yeah. 
Erin: Andy?
Andy: What's up, bro?
Jim: Yeah, all right, good riddance. 
Dwight: I'd like to offer up one of my newest weapons. The Sabre Sabre.
Andy: Are you sure? Or is that a gun?
Dwight: I'm certain. In the wild. Not here.
Phyllis: I don't understand why anyone would have a gun.
Dwight: There she is, in a holster.  Oh my gosh.
Angela: Oh, I did not feel that way at all. That is beyond me.
Phyllis: Yeah, I think you need to go back to your desk.
Angela: Oh my gosh.
Phyllis: I feel like death had its moment.
Angela: I feel like death had its moment.
Andy: Dwight, just so you know, I wasn't really there
