======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 your first two complaints to HR. Their response? Complimentary coffee. So I am going to take them both out right now.
Dwight: And later, and see how they feel. 
Jim: You know what would be a great idea? Take our two away from Philly, put them in teams together, and maybe murder off one of our teams. Or give up on our only customer service call today.
Phyllis: Oh, you know what? I cannot accept these things.
Jim: Yeah. Thank you, bitch.
Dwight: How much would we cost?
Phyllis: Same price tag.
Jim: Thanks, Bob.
Bob: Good advice, Dwight.
Dwight: Thank you.
Bob: Michael, you're in a meeting.
Michael: Yshhyah. Um, Katy and Stanley.
Bob: Both four of them.
Michael: Oh, wow, I... It's still pretty cool. I guess. I should update.
Bob: No, you're kidding.
Michael: No, I'm kidding.  She's a pretty pretty pretty pretty -
Bob: And you know what, you are fired.
Michael: You can't fire me, you're fired.  You know what, Bob? Everyone here thinks that I'm too cool to fire you, and that you're too kind.
Bob: Two minutes of me time, you're set.
Michael: You can't let that back you. Bob, I have a problem with women. In fact, I have a problem with everything. Everything.
Phyllis: What?
Michael: Well...
Bob: What?
Michael: Because I found a copy of your room on my wall.
Bob: Oh, no.
Michael: It's in the bathroom.
Bob: But you're not gonna flush the stream.
Michael: Well, we're not above having a little chat.
Bob: No, we're not above having a little chat. In fact, most of these are the same.
Michael: Almost. Always. Don't be shy!
Bob: No, instead of saying, Hey, Hey, Bob. Bob, I just want to give you a minute.
Michael: Oh, no. No. No. You don't need to shy away from meetings. They're the ones who let you know that they are qualified to make a decision, and that makes you the perfect person to replace them.
Bob: Does qualified mean...does anyone have any idea what it means?
Michael: Well, it's not right, it's not okay, and we don't have to...
Bob: I... am just saying that I think it's inappropriate to date someone you work with, and it's really not that bad, but I'm learning that it's really okay to date someone else.
Michael: Okay.  I'm just saying that I think it's inappropriate to date someone other than yourself, and it's the... president. And pretty embarrassing.
Jim: Oh, I like that guy.
Pam: Oh, oh he's cute.
Jim: What's up?
Pam: I was gonna say that he was really crass, but I think he's cute, right?
Jim: Huh.
Pam: Really funny, Jim.
Jim: You can't really do him a favors, because he's---
Pam: I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I, I don't know. I, I gotta go.
Jim: Oh, can I help you? You know, it's easier with a buddy.
Pam: I'm good with Beesly, don't you think?
Jim: Yeah. I know, I know. Let me handle this.
Pam: Oh, could you just give us a second?
Jim: Oh, great. Let's go get a beer.
Pam: Okay.  Oh, is that a blow torch?
Jim: What are you doing? You're the leadener.
Pam: Michael, are you that good?
Michael: I'm good, I'm good. Y'all look at me, I'm like 40, and I can't be boned. Totally...
Dwight: You're gonna want to take a rain check, Michael. You're gonna want to get rip-ed.
Michael: ... rain check, Dwight.
Dwight: Come on, I don't like that either.
Michael: It's worse than you think.
Dwight: It's nicer than you think.
Michael: It's not a compliment. I can't stand to in front of Pam and her pudgy body.
Dwight: Do you know what I'm talking about?
Michael: Why don't you just move along.
Pam: I think you
