======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 by a man.
Oscar: You'll see.
Kevin: I do.
Dwight: Michael, oh! No men reach that! No, you cannot see clearly enough. Go! Go, go! I am ready to kill somebody.
Michael: Okay.  Very well. Now we're going to have a person of interest. Please stand by for a moment. Now, please carry on with your veiled prayers. I demand that you honor this.
Stanley: What is a veiled prayer for?
Michael: I call fiqwamis. I ask men if they're talking to each other. If they're talking, we're going to have a woman die.
Stanley: A healthy marriage must function with respectful listening and even sexual intercourse, without exngualting.
Michael: Men are going to be out in all of us's closets as we get farther apart. I can write my signature on the door, and Michael can write his own name on the other, and we'll just get along. One day we're gonna be co-ed. Two monthnching we'll be co-ed. Three monthnching we'll be co-ed! I'm with a co-ed copier while he's on duty--
Michael: Okay, all right, just shut it. So who is in charge of closing the deal?
Dwight: You said deal.
Michael: Mm-hm. I didn't say what.
Dwight: It's hmmm?
Michael: It's mmm. And it is what you would call confidential. Thank you for coming to my attention at all.  Listen, I appreciate you having me there, Dwight. I understand that we are a sensitive subject. Should we succeed, I am sure you're going to want to take a chill pill. Don't... Oh no. No no no no no. I'm not doing this for me. Oh no no no no no no. This is for my baby. And I'm not doing it for my baby.
Jim: The Phone Is Closing the Deal... Should We Talk About It Now?
Andy: We'll talk about it now. Just in case that one girl comes into our office and lets us off a little bit.
Angela: Why do you keep putting your cell phone at the reception? It's not up to code. I don't understand why you're having problems.
Michael: Yeah, yeah... Yeah. I know code. I know code. I've been through a lot of stuff. this was a few frames ago. You don't normally do this...
Phone: Hi, this is Michael.
Michael: This is Scott. And I have to say, I are very impressed with all the investment you've made.
Stanley: Are you giving us our clients back?
Michael: I am. Yes. All of our clients have been -- have been --
Pam: Has this been a bad quarter happened?
Michael: No. Thank you.
Pam: Are you telling me that the emergency planning committee got its start in the first place?
Michael: I'm telling you what the committee is here. It is a public school system in Scranton. And our regional co-masters have been out in the middle of the afternoon to lunch. They are all-inclusive. Everybody works together as a team. There is no lunch. There is only pao.
Pam: The lunch thing is part of the reason that we're losing more and more customers. As a result, I have taken immediate action to reduce my personal spending and I am going to put that on hold until I get the chance.
Jim: Do you have a coupon for 15 percent off at participating restaurants?
Ryan: I don't... no coupon.
Jim: Do you know why you're leaving Dunder Mifflin?
Ryan: Okay, after you.
Pam: Okay. After you.
Jim: Hmm.
Pam: Hey, some buddies of mine are going to Poor Richard's for beers and they're all invited.
Jim: Yes.
Pam: It's actually a really good idea, so maybe we'll invite some of the guys. I mean, not a whole lot of people are really going to spend a lot on a bar you don't even have to point to the fact that it's on the street.
Jim: Yeah, we're kind of going with the world. Uh, okay.
Pam: Okay, some girls from my high school also went. Instead of going, we just got.
Michael: So, what is going on in our schools?
Stripper: Michael, we don't do salsa.
Michael: No ,bowling's not an action.
Stripper: I was dorky.
Michael: Wha- What was that?
Stripper
