======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 But I know it's a lot of pressure. And who knows? Maybe this will shake things up.
Michael: Who do you think it should be?
Kelly: Just being a mom.
Michael: Okay! Who do you think it should be?
Kelly: Just some babies.
Michael: Kelly?
Michael: Did you hear there was a baby?
Kelly: Of course. It was me. Just one of my own kind.
Michael: No, you didn't. I saw somebody defecate. And I'm the only one left.
Michael: This is your big sister with the baby name. What is her name?
Kelly: Big sister is great, but you know what? baby Jesus is fast, you just push it down. You know, there's no pressure at all between you and me anymore. We have to sil...
Michael: That's her name?
Kelly: Baby Jesus is Italian.
Michael: I don't want to...
Kelly: If I were you I'd call...
Michael: She's messing with you.
Michael: No, I'm not.
Andy: What's up? I got some messages from Michael and my friend Troy collapsing in my office. I'm taking them.
Michael: No, no, no, no, no. You are not taking them. You just gave them to him.
Andy: That's unacceptable.
T Troy: Okay, I won't finish.
Michael: I'll finish. I'll be there in said elevator.
Toby: I'm sorry.
Michael: Thank you.
Troy: Michael, is Nellie under any delusion now?
Michael: You're right. You are right. Tell him I'm lying. I can't believe he just said that.
Troy: You scared him.
Michael: I'm not, I'm certainly not lying. I spread the rumor that you two were together.
Troy: You told me we had a love connection.
Michael: That did not make any sense.
Tall Girl #1: Hey I need a job.
Dwight: I know you do.
Andy: I know you do.
Dwight: No, I love you. I'll always love you.
Andy: No, I will never be happier than I am right now. I will call you as manager of this branch, and I'll tell you the sad news.
Dwight: That's great.
Andy: It's great. Let me know if you're happy.
Dwight: We are happy.
Andy: Yeah, yeah!
Dwight: You're gonna cry.
Andy: We're happy.
Dwight: We are happy.
Andy: You know, I never understood why anyone would want to live in a building where people can't express their feelings.
Michael: What's the problem?
Andy: The urinalysis machine is broken.
Michael: Really?
Andy: Shut up.
Michael: Alright, no problem. You are not going to get me to do this.
Andy: I'm not going to tell you anything.
Michael: Andy, I know that you have a dream you made up. But I'm gonna count down from ten.
Andy: Ten more.
Michael: Ok, good.
Andy: Nine more.
Michael: No, no, no!
Andy: Eight more.
Michael: Andy, you made up your mind!
Andy: Now I know why people liked Jim in the beginning! He was a free world guy, personable, funny, kind of a guy I could trust!
Dwight: He was a regular high school baseball fan!
Jim: You're the kind of guy who watches the Mets.
Dwight: Oh, right.
Jim: So I'm like, How can I put this cool party planned so it's not like a party I don't want to go to?
Andy: I thought that maybe we could do something like this around here where you do something cool that people remember that you never, ever hit me with a punch.
Dwight: That is a common swindlers trick.
Jim: So common, I don't know.
Andy: So you're okay?
Jim: All right.
Andy: This is where I grin and be-YOW OW!
Dwight: So popular that it is a disease passed down by generations.
Andy: You know what they say, charm people.
Dwight: Andy, you cannot go wrong with your outrageous offer. Don't be shy.
Andy: Toots, do you have any sunblock?
Kevin: No, I do too.
Andy: You want something in the Kools.
Kevin: No.
Andy: This is how we do it.
D
