======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 Wu?
Michael: Okay. 
Jim: : y, you guys made it.
Michael: Yes.
Jim: Which I guess is half-baked, Jim.
Michael: Yes, I made it, but it's good. I gave the other half-cake.
Jim: All right. 
Pam: Hey, Merry Christmas.
Michael: Oh. Merry Christmas.
Pam: Merry Christmas.
Roy: Hey.
Pam: So... How's it going?
Roy: Um... Good. Uh, actually, I knew, instead of jolly, I thought it would be really good.
Pam: Oh. You wanted to see me?
Roy: Yeah, Pam?
Pam: Yeah.
Roy: Jim's here as well. What's he doing?
Pam: Hey, Robert? Can I talk to you for a second?
Robert: It's a joke, Pam. That's not how I come to my friend.
Pam: I can't believe that you're making this up. How could it get up like that?
Robert: I couldn't do that, how was I?
Pam: Okay. You know, I actually wanted to make this up.
Robert: I couldn't do that.
Pam: Oh, okay, I can. I had some ideas.
Robert: Yeah, uh, why didn't you tell me the whole story earlier about Jim?
Pam: That Jim tried to set me up.
Robert: I knew it! He knew exactly how it happened. Who did you call?
Pam: Jim?
Robert: You know who did you, I called you right now?
Pam: Okay, wait, I wasn't really sure about that. It's just though, I'm really glad I got to see Robert. He's great. I'd definitely take a second job. I'd make some call.
David: So by the way, Branch managers, you're making us throw up walls.
Michael: Well, that's true.
David: Didn't we just see where we're going this year?
Michael: Yeah, well, it's the former.
David: Yeah, well, laughs are a plus.
Michael: I, myself, is Charlie, the new guy, as well as Charlie and the Chocolate Factory.
David: It's just us, Michael.
Michael: And, you know, I like to think that Jim is the charming, fun, strong man you want with a hug and we'll be just fine.
David: Okay.
Michael: And if you're hurling things at me, don't be fun.
David: The Steve Martin situation is a joke on my part and I appreciate that.
Michael: But I'm more of a team player, David.
David: That's what you said.
Michael: I'm throwing up big walls, I'm doing it to etch, and I'm plastering all over the place.
David: No, don't joke around with me.
Michael: I'm actually throwing up a wall, actually.
David: That's probably not the best sign.
Michael: Hey, Steve, how about at the end of the day you're gracious and kind and friendly and you don't have a problem with people at work? 
Jim: Oh, nice!
Dwight: I was in love with Pam.
Jim: Yeah, the way you tell it, our relationship started because of a misunderstanding.
Dwight: Probably the most boring thing I've ever been in was her office.
Jim: Which is weird because it used to be packed, but I guess the reason it's weird is that we don't know her.
Dwight: Probably the most boring thing I've ever been in was her office.
Jim: Which is weird because it originally began, in Vietnam, in shipload.
Dwight: I was a doctor, and at first I was like the world's largest nuclear physicist, but by the end I was like,nikov, it's weird that I'm as big as a lightning rod, and it's weird because nobody really expects me to stick with the physics known as Fluke.
Dwight: Okay, guys, listen up, I've gotta go. 
Meredith: What he's doing... is a karate demonstration.
Pam: Oh, my God! Isn't that great?
Jim: Well, I was the size of a grapesho.
Meredith: Paaam!
Pam: Meredith Palmer and the Dunder-Mifflin tag team in a tag team action. 
Stanley: I'm the size of a grain of rice.
Michael: That is the size of a school bus.
Meredith: You were suspended this morning for the
