======== SAMPLE 1 ========
: Hey.
Michael: Um. I had a really hard work out this morning, and I'm broke.
Lynn: That's a great idea. Let's keep it going.
Michael: That, that is the best ice cream sandwich I've ever had. And I'm not talking about the crazy parties that suckers have around here. I'm just telling you about it.
Lynn: Cool.
Jim: And I'm just telling you about what we did there.
Michael: Yeah. Well, I guess that's- I'm just saying- what did you do?  Why'd you pick the fridge?
Jim: I didn't think you were going to bring anything?
Michael: Because the fridge is the new cool. Right?
Jim: Yeah.
Michael: You didn't think I was going to bring anything?
Jim: No.
Michael: Well, we did.
Jim: No, because the train didn't stop until midnight.
Michael: Well, it's actually not an excuse, because I already brought boxes on my train.
Jim: Well, why don't we meet a new place? It's a family-friendly harbor.
Michael: Well, Jim's a little cramped, so there's probably someone here who canicing things up, you know.
Jim: Hey, hold on a second. Wait, wait, wait, what's that?
Michael: Uh... uh, listen, Jim, you gotta stay here and Ryan's out of town.
Jim: So I'm one of those guys who just goes anywhere for the family. And uh, you know what? I'm fine with that. I'm fine with my actions.
Michael: I'm not fine with my actions!
Jim: Yeah.
Michael: If you think he's going to get away again, you know what? I think he's going to get away again. And I don't like messing with your hard-working-in-the-middle kind of life.
Michael: Hey.
Erin: Hey!
Michael: So, what was your biggest fear?
Erin: My biggest fear is that Ed dies, and then I'm gonna start dating someone else.
Michael: Okay.
Erin: And then he dies, and I'm gonna miss him too.
Michael: Okay, well, it's not gonna be me, it's gonna be Pam. And...her boyfriend is going to kill me.
Erin: Oh my God.
Michael: Yeah, yeah.
Erin: I'm not sure I'm releasing Jan too early but, um...
Michael: Oh! God! Oh God!
Erin: I missed you so much.
Michael: I missed you too.
Pam: Hey, Ed?
Ed: I love your dress.
Pam: I'm sorry about the dress.
Ed: It's the opposite of mine.
Pam: Oh.
Ed: What?
Pam: I think you think the other one was hers.
Ed: Mine was a dupe. I don't know what to say to you, but she's mine.
Pam: Okay, I'm sor...
Ed: No...
Pam: Oh, my God.
Ed: Get out of my ring.
Michael: I think you know what I'm talking about. Your friend is mine, I'm gonna put him through to you.  Your a good friend.
Ed: I look forward to getting to know you better. How can I help? I'm here: Let me help you set you up. 
Dwight: Okay, Ed, look at the problem.
Michael: Blondes are, tend to be confused, and can be confused at things. And kinda suck. Unless you want to teach your kid how to talk business.
Dwight: That's not a bad attitude to have.
Michael: It is. It is. And when you have a kid it will be its natural right, you know? And I do not want to raise a kid with business people.
Dwight: You're gonna kid yourself. It's not gonna happen.
Michael: I am not. I want my kid to be a manager. I would have every reason to believe that I could manage it. And, I'm not gonna give in to that, because I want my kid to be a manager of business.
Dwight: Why are you gonna call me manager?
Michael: Because I am not gonna let you win. You ever heard of it? It is freaking bell nard. It's like bell nard on steroids.
Dwight: I'm gonna take that kid to a big game---
Michael: ...entertaining.
Dwight: ...with carrots and beet.
Michael: I will let you... learn everything about management.
