======== SAMPLE 1 ========
, Michael's an idiot...
Michael: ...Not actually...
Jan: Michael, please let me go.
Michael: And then, what shall I do? I will ask her out, okay? I will give her a ring. I will give her a good name and a good salary and let her go give her a name and a good family.
Jan: You know what? Please give me back to her.
Michael: A woman...
Jan: You are really not welcome in here.
Michael: ...Jan, you know what? You are really not welcome in here either.
Jan: I am not a man of honor.
Michael: I know what a nice wife is. If you don't mind me asking her out, I will.
Jan: Thank you! 
Roy: So, do you mind telling me the name of the girl you want to make your honeymoon?
Gabe: I can make my first honeymoon.
Roy: You haven't even thought of that yet?
Gabe: In school, girls' play can they play that is with a baby?
Roy: It's like that.
Dwight: A baby can have power.
Dwight: A kid could make a bargain. You can't yell out loud, you're doing it for the girl. Deal!  And that would not be fair.
Jan: No Dwight. We need a name.
Dwight: Dwight Schrute.
Jan: Dwight you need a name?
Jan: No, I gave him my first name, Dwight.
Dwight: That's ridiculous. You don't...
Jan: You really don't need... You really don't need a name.
Dwight: That's why we hired you.
Jan: Dwight...
Angela: You are disgusting and unappealing.
Michael: Ok. I already have one. I am going to use it, if you have one. Ok, you need help in any way you want and I will explain it to you.
Dwight: Michael, you don't read romance. It's a filthy book...
Oscar: You can't imagine the horror of that.
Phyllis: It's too scary.
Michael: Well, it's worse than you. It's worse than you. Ok, I know what you're doing, so I will do it.
Michael: I am a grown man. I need to learn to trust others, and I can't be anyone's fool.
Roy: Why'd you come back to Dunder Mifflin without me?
Michael: Guys, I- I can't just leave without a new friend.
Stanley: I think you should tell Michael that Dwight was there.
Michael: Well, of course not, since I already have a new friend.
Jim: What are you saying, Michael?
Michael: Why say I didn't see Dwight do his friend thing at the dinner party in March, when I met you?
Jim: I have no idea.
Michael: Well, are you somebody's friends, Jim?
Jim: No, I met Andy just now, y'all know that I'm really into Andy.
Gabe: Hey, buddy.
Jim: I called from my cell phone. I didn't want to mess that up anymore. I thought it would be nice to let someone down, but, um, I...
Gabe: There is nobody you can reach Beasley--- 
Andy: Yo.
Gabe: ... Yo. 
Andy: No.
Pam: I'm in the kitchen one day, looking through a catalogue of antique weapons. I find this really impressive. Is America going to have guns in the house tomorrow? 
Pam: Do I look like I'm taking a personal day?
Angela: It just so happens that I am the only woman in the whole office, and that I am the only woman with feelings.
Pam: I'm not gonna kill Andy, am I? My only feelings are happiness, of course. And I can't... No. I can't, no. I can't even, nate this place.
Gabe: The air smells like vanilla cream, Dwight. I think I'm gonna die inside.
Jim: So, if we all look pretty today, our families will look like ragamnamas.
Gabe: Jim and I are terrible at making small talk, and we actually talk a lot more when we're with children. But, Dwight is a monster. When we make small talk, he destroys our relationships.
Dwight: He's a killer.
Jim: That one?
Dwight: I'm the killer. I'm gonna kill him.
Jim: I'm gonna kill you.
Dwight: You can't... you can't. Please, help
