======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 Jesus, and there's a line in the back of the room, right past the fish tank.
Stanley: You want to go in?
Pam: Okay.
Michael: Oh, Pam, I should make you a M&M's suit. Because ol' Halpert doesn't do anything for me. I'm gonna lose my job.
Pam: What's that about a guy's suit?
Michael: That's a violation of her contract with you because you broke it during a meeting.
Pam: Oh, God. Osso goes to jail for asking a girl out.
Michael: You know what, everybody, I'm going to start a hunger strike. I'm going to ask all of the girls in the city of New York to join me in gettingurgically more frustrated.
Jim: Hunger strikes are a way for people to express their frustration with the system.
Pam: What do you call yourself?
Jim: Well, I called this... a hunger strike. Call it a strike.
Pam: Like you're out of your damn mind.
Jim: Out of my mind.
Charles: What's going on?
Jim: Okay, you know what? Everybody, I have something very important and I would like to talk about it.
Charles: Are you going to like it?
Jim: Okay, you know what? Everybody, I am going to like what we're going to do this weekend.
Charles: Okay? No, no, no. I think we'll go early, usually around Creed's party, so we don't start sitting at 4:00.
Jim: Really?
Charles: gonna really, really early.
Jim: I don't know what everybody's minds differently, man.
Charles: Hey Jim, I told you, I'm feeling this really bad.
Jim: Alright.
Michael: Hunger steals Christmas. It's like they're ripping off my sweater. I don't know if it's worth it. When this goes over my head I may never walk again.
Angela: These are for employees only.
Michael: Yeah, so none of these stories are really worth it?
Angela: I really think you're gonna like them.
Charles: I agree. They're terrible.
Jim: No, I don't think you need to sell them.
Charles: What?
Jim: Yeah, it feels good.
Michael: Okay, let's do this.
Jim: Alright, Great Pam.  Thank you. 
Michael: You know what? It's really just what we need.
Dwight: I know, Michael.
Michael: Let's do it together.
Dwight: So we get a video camera, a radar gun, a laser tag gun, and then a hose.
Michael: Really?
Dwight: Yeah.
Michael: Really? Where did this come from?
Dwight: Your call, Michael.
Michael: Who called?
Dwight: Zuckerberg.
Michael: What?
Dwight: Zuckerberg owns the building.
Michael: Shut that down.
Dwight: Good.
Michael: So meet me later.
Ryan: Oh, okay, Gother.
Dwight: Oh, it's Ryan.
Ryan: Her.
Michael: Nah.
Ryan: She's my sister.
Michael: Yes. She's my sister.
Ryan: She ran away from home because of her love of the occult.
Michael: Gromit. Gromit.
Dwight: No. Gromit it. 
Michael: I know what it's like to be separated from your parents and raised in a household that also believes in you.
Dwight: I will fight it.
Michael: You are going to love these.
Dwight: Uh, kids, new teachers, new director of corporate HR.
Michael: These are your parents looking at me like I'm a dreamer.
Dwight: You are going to give them an emotional bargain.
Michael: Wow, Dwight, you're right. This is going to blow your mind.
Dwight: Do I have to agree to be your boss?
Michael: Yes.
Dwight: And you're going to tell them that I can and will do everything within my power to make them fall in love.
Michael: What exactly are you talking about?
Dwight: Everything.
Michael: So you're going to be my head?
Dwight: It will be your head.
Michael: Well, Dwight, you have one more exception. We're going to need a patron saint of crime.
Michael: Oh.
Dwight: Bernard.
Michael: No.
Dwight: I need a signature from Ryan.
Michael: Uh.  He
