======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 to do, we don't know what they're gonna do.
Ryan: Yeah?
Creed: They did it! They did it!
Betsy: They did it!
Ryan: Wow, that's...  Wow, it's amazing.
Ryan: It's just a piece of paper.
Phyllis: That's the only thing that's got the numbers. I mean, it's not a real problem, you know, not at all.
Andy: Yeah, I knew that that would be a very long interview, so I just...  What I just told them is the same.
Ryan: Well, it's gonna be interesting, I hope.
Phyllis: Oh that's a lot of pressure.
Ryan: No, I'm gonna be a little bit more honest with you. I am really excited. I hope your kids learn.
Pam: Well, I think that's a realistic offer. Well, I feel that's kind of a little too realistic. I think I know that Ryan's family has already been in trouble.
Roy: It does seem like we're in a good spot. We are in a good spot because you know, my family is in a better place. The best part about all of this is that I have a son.
Kevin: Hey, there you are. I was just wondering if you'd like to take some photos of my little girls.
Susan: Is this your daughter?
Pam: Yes!
Jim: No! What's their name? 
Pam: Jim, you got to do it. You can make out that their name is Pam, which is the same as hers, but, um, it's your daughter's first name.
Ryan: Yes, she is your daughter. I can't be sure what they're gonna do, because the girl was...
Pam: Okay, let's go. 
Erin: Oh, man, the camera's back from the front.
Jim: Thank you.
Pam: We'll see.
Jim: I still have it down.
Pam: You got it?
Roy: We can't do this.
Pam: I can say, okay guys. We don't want to do this.
Pam: Alright, let's go. The camera's up.
Jim: What is this thing?
Pam: Nothing. You were there.
Roy: I have a lot of questions.
Pam: Okay, it's a good question. What about my husband?
Pam: Michael Scott.
Kevin: Pam, the camera's up. Where can we get some cameras for the kids, Jim?
Pam: They can come in here, or if you need something, they can stay in here.
Dwight: How many cameras should I get?
Pam: I'll be honest with you, I'm still pretty busy right now, so... It's gonna be a little while before we start to use whatever's left in our pockets...
Jim: Dwight, can anybody stop you here here, please? 
Michael: What was that?
Dwight: You mean you're taking your kid?
Michael: Yeah.
Michael: Okay, you know what?
Dwight: I'll talk to you next.
Michael: Thanks. It goes in no time.
Dwight: No, no, no, no, okay, I won't stop here. I'm sorry, Pam, I was texting Pam, I'm going to text you. Please, just come out and take it. 
Pam: No, no. You were texting. Your first date was in New York. So if she's not here at all, what'd you do?
Pam: Oh, uh, I just, we would, um, maybe, just... I mean, you could, you're just, you can't just...
Pam: I'm not... I don't... I'm... I was texting her.
Pam: And then... 
Pam: I wasn't texting her.
Pam: Oh, this isn't funny. The day of the wedding, the whole party, this...
Pam: You're so mean.
Pam: Are you really saying that?
Pam: I mean, I just, I... I just don't... I mean, that's the hardest thing ever to say. All right? I'm gonna be gone, you're gonna have to return to, like, any other place.
Pam: Yeah, I'm gonna find someone who might be gonna come back. This is my wedding day, so, you gonna see them in the parking lot?
Michael: We'll do it.
Dwight: Oh, well, here we go.  Michael, I want you to know that tonight
