======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 too.
Jim: Why?
Kevin: I love that you're spending the night with his girlfriend.
Jim: Wow, I can't believe your discount... uh...
Kevin: ...downs with me.
Jim: Woo! Thanks, thanks, thanks. 
Kevin: What a nice guy.
Michael: Wow, those are great. Look I'll miss him.
Dwight: You're awesome.
Michael: Mellow and nice, he's one guy, I'm sure.
Dwight: Coolidge, the birdie, the gorgeous Foreman, the cooky-cool, the couplely widower, the therapist, the good lady...
Michael: Dwight.
Dwight: Those birds are great. I'd like to buy one of them a piece of clothing or paper.
Michael: You can do it now, you're very welcome. You've got to put your cookies in the bag.
Dwight: Please, just put your cookies in the bag.
Michael: I broke this bag in the parking lot, I shouldn't have to worry about anymore cookies being in the trash.
Dwight: Cookie issue. Way to go, man.
Michael: I'm having no clue, I'm putting all this information on the white sheet of paper that I never, ever wanted to have, let's just... No, you know what? Why am I putting all that information on the bulletin board? To Palestra, a small town three hours drive to make a decision.
Dwight: That is a very difficult attitude to overcome.
Michael: You know, life is about making choices. And it is not just about making choices. It's about having choices. And that includes, but is not limited to, amassing large swaths of personal property, acquiring property, defeating crime, havingvierring in property rights, amassing property. I don't see it that way. I don't. If I didn't have a large amount of personal property, I don't think I would have a difficult life. If I did, it would be because I was hard-pressed to find a person to love me again.
Jim: My question: Does having a child make you feel lesser?
Michael: Ah. No, it would not make me feel lesser. That is a very common thought.
Dwight: It's not very common.
Jim: OK, I'm going to discount that. You're the man, you're the thing.
Michael: Sure, OK. I'll take a discount of five percent-
Dwight: Five percent?
Jim: Michael, don't be stupid.
Michael: At a time like this, any intelligent personlings,  will agree that life is made up of many, many branches.
Dwight: Maybe that's the way people handle financial issues.
Michael: Don't be stupid. No, no, no. How are you going to make sure that Jim is happy? How are you going to make sure that Jim is happy?
Dwight: Michael, what branch is going to give you the job if an employee has a conflict of interests?
Michael: Wouldn't that be fun.
Dwight: It's a tough decision. There's no conflict of interests.
Michael: Those face some kind of financial incentive.
Dwight: But the conflict of interests here is mutual.
Michael: Oh, my God. That's not it.
Dwight: That's m-my goodness is so...
Michael: It's just, that's not... my interpretation of what he's saying.
Dwight: Wrong! Do you understand? There's an accounting mistake and I'm rewarding you for selling your shotgun.
Michael: God! No, no, no, no. Let me get this straight. I'm not going to apologize for your sales call. I'm not going to apologize for your relationship code phrase. OK, look, I'm sorry if you have drama or depression or if I'm being mean. But, let's be honest, there's a good reason why you're not being mean. There's a good reason why you're not being mean. The reason why you're not love at all.
Andy: So, Erin. Over the weekend, my best friend, proposed to me. It's a really cheesy reference, but you really think he'd get me through a website? I don't think so.
Erin: Um... hello la, hi, hi, hi
Andy: la, hi. Hi.
Erin: We're both like, really sweet. But, really, really think.
Andy: What do you think? I'm gonna go for a long weekend and think about my boyfriend's older brother.
Erin: No, you're gonna wait here and not say anything.
Andy: Okay.
Andy:
