======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 20:00. What is this?
Business Advisor: The company is currently in the early stages of establishing a brand, so I would like to start that process early.
Michael: Do you mean right now?
Business Advisor: Yes.
Michael: All right. I'll make you a call.
Kevin: Hello.
Michael: Hi, Kevin. Sorry about that. We're still in the conference room. You can grab a cup of coffee.
Kevin: We're in the conference room.
Michael: How 'bout this?
Kevin: Just show us later.
Michael: Okay.
Michael: Did you see Born on the Fourth of July? I was under the impression that Billy would be more like that guy.
Pam: Yeah, he was.
Michael: Well, that... was maybe a little confusing. What was confusing was your... belief that the WUPHF award for Best Corporate Employee goes to... Ryan Howard.
Pam: That's Ryan Howard!
Michael: Yeah, well, he...
Ryan: The company's called WUPHF.
Michael: Oh, right. I was thinking Ryan would be kind of embarrassed that he was actually being manager, but he is. He's been in two managers. He can't keep two managers on you.
Ryan: The other night, I was out walking alone. I wasn't sure if I wanted to hang out with Bruce, or keep a little secret away from Pam. But the first thing I did when I came back here was I talked to Michael directly. And, oh, I got the feeling that, if I had, he would have. And I just relaxed, and met with him, and that's all I wanted to know.
Pam: So, basically what we have here is that we have this receptionist, not her, so we have to say that Angela's accepting of having a baby, so, uh, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know what that is.
Ad guy 1: Hi, I'm ad guy 1. 
Michael: No, no, no, I'm ad guy 1.
Ad guy 2: Thanks, Michael.
Michael: Oh, thank you.
Ad guy 1: Try ad doubling, man. I'm ad doubling.
Michael: No, God, I'm super busy. I'm not going to make this time about how exhausting it is. I'm not going to make it about how little you care about your job. And I'm not going to make it about how little you care about your family. And I'm not going to make it about how little you care about your work. And I'm not going to make it about how little you care about your work. And I'm not going to make it about how little you care about your family. And I know that you're all thinking, What's America's bloodiest? And I say, America, be strong. 
Ad guy 1: Thank you.
Michael: Yeah, I feelier.  It's a raccoon meeting his mom. You know what I was?  Yeah.  It was tragic. It was tragic. But it will go down in my blood and souls forever. Because I was there for Mose and for Nellie and for all those kids who dream of being famous. And I was there for moneys... and for horses. And for all those momms that faltered or died and rose to the occasion. Oh, one more... ooh ooh!
Michael: Do Not Resuscitate...
Ad guy 1: I've never rescheduled a meeting.
Michael: Yes, you have done such a good job of explaining to me why you're being so staunch about this. But I think you might be overreacting. I think you're reacting to things poorly.
Ad guy 1: Uh, my numbers are below your pay stub.
Michael: Well what's lower?
Ad guy 1: What's the 411?
Ad guy 2: That's the pay stub. I'm the mediator.
Michael: Well, I, uh, I'll be the last to know.
Ad guy 1: Um, I am not the last to know.
Michael: Well, you helped me a lot this year, sweetie. And I just want to say that you guys are making a lot of sense, and that I mean really nothing to these people. Frankly, I'm the most impressive thing that's happened to me.
Frankly, you people are grasping the concept of this.com. Why don't you just move over here to Costa Rica?
Gabe: Why don't we call Jim's Pizza and get it to Costa Rica?
Jim: Yeah, that's what I'm talking about.
Ryan: You got to realize, you're kind of throwing a lot of the game out there. I
