======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 Uh, so what's the dilemma?
Jim: The old Dwight thinks that penises are funny.
Pam: Oh no. He doesn't understand why everyone-
Dwight: There's a dog walking around with a donut on his head.
Darryl: Dogs don't provide milk or anything.
Dwight: Okay, guys, new rules. No donuts what you can eat. Come on. Can I eat?
Stanley: Mmmm...
Darryl: One apple cinnamon, and you are all set.
Dwight: Come on Stanley.
Erin: Oh, my gosh.
Darryl: Ah, no need, I got a turkey burger recipe on my calendar.
Oscar: Ok, just, um...basically, we were just thinking about rolls of dopes.
Darryl: This proves it's me. Don't let that stupid circle catch your eye.
Erin: Oh, come on.
Darryl: If it catches your eye it'll be god awful. But, nah, it's me. Alright.
Angela: Kevin, seriously, we can't let Darryl go. This could be a signal to everyone in the office that we are closing shop.
Kevin: Well, we're closing in a lot of ways.
Angela: More than just corporate. 
Kevin: Still have their jobs.
Angela: But we can't let you go.
Kevin: Well, we're leaving us without service, and we're starting over.
Angela: We could... .
Dwight: What's under your roof?
Angela: Oh.
Dwight: Its alright. This is gonna turn the corner, okay? And we're talking about...the carpet.
Angela: C'mon, talk about it.
Dwight: Dental, lotion, lotion powder, canker, canker eye, canker nose, man in eye, urine leaking out of Meredith's eye, this is, uh, Dunder Mifflin...
Michael: Okay.
Dwight: While we're still part of this family, I want to...
Michael: Hi, folks.
Dwight: I'll tell you later.
Michael: Okay.
Dwight: While we're still a family, I...
Michael: Hey, hey, can we, uh, get back to work?
Dwight: Yes.
Michael: Can we do some creative?
Dwight: Yeah. Let's do some creative with the new baby.
Michael: No. We're not doing that. I'm thinking, uh, how can we feed on this old baby? How can we make it gayer? How can we make it prettier? How can we fat-shame our logo?
Phyllis: Hey, what's any of those color schemes?
Michael: Uh, brown and gray.
Phyllis: Um, brown and gray.
Michael: No, they're all the same.
Dwight: Okay, umm, how about a simpler, tastier overall logo?
Michael: I think we're doing alright.
Dwight: Good.
Andy: Has anyone beenier this week than me?
HCT Member #3: No.
Oscar: No.
Kevin: No Way.
HCT Member #3: That's perfect.
Oscar: Okay, another one.
HCT Member #2: Nice.
Kevin: Let's do another one.
HCT Member #3: Nice.
Dwight: Let's do another one.
Michael: Ooh, wow!
Jim: Quick.
Dwight: Good, good.
Michael: That's a surfboard.
Jim: Oh my God.
Michael: See, he's trying to get an employee to relax. He says whatever. I know the company, so I'm not gonna freak them out.
Jim: I didn't freak you out, either.
Michael: No, I didn't. Come on, Pam. I'm doing this for you.
Pam: We like you.
Michael: I didn't want to upset you, but in my defense, I really want you to be productive.
Jim: Ok, well it wasn't me, because I am very sensitive.
Pam: Since when have you taken any concrete steps?
Michael: Well, um, I decided to have some fun and I decided to have a cup of coffee and um, I decided that I would quietlyene...
Stanley: Me. 
Michael: Ah, me too. .
Pam: The thing that I'm leading this conversation is Meredith, reference point.
Meredith: Uh-huh.
Pam
