======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 something that you want to make a point about, Michael.
Michael: Oh, God, no, no, no! You know what? I don't wanna make our points any further than 'cause you're obviously gonna draw attention. 
Beth: Morning, everyone.
Michael: Hello, Brent. Brent's that bad? Oh, I bet he can swim in a manger.
Toby: Take off my jacket.
Michael: What? 
Toby: Yeah, just put it back on.
Michael: Okay, I will be back in an hour. Good. Okay. 
Michael: Hi, David.
David: Hey, Michael.
Michael: David.
David: How would you like to announce our newest member of the Sabre minority executive training program?
Michael: I would like to give you a little blast from the past of Michael Scott as regional manager of Dunder Mifflin, and a chance to identify some of the people who will be really driving the party agenda this evening.
David: Ok, wait. Just a little of a surprise announcement. ...This is Josh's village.
Michael: Oh.
David: Josh's village.
Michael: Not good.
David:pee.
Michael: Not good.
David: I'm not bad at announcements.
Michael: Well, at least I'm not awful, Josh.
Josh: I'm just, I imagined it would be like a slap in the face. Like my high school graduation when I was wearing a cape.
Michael: You're embarrassing me.
Josh: I'm already wearing a cape.
Michael: You do look like a big b.
Josh: You don't want to tell the whole group I'm not likeable.
Michael: I am not likeable. Look I'm also not likeable.
Dwight: Come on, let's go.
Jim: You know what? Let's go.
Pam: Oh, man, he's like this. You know what? I'm gonna get a bunch of pizzas and then we won't have to deal with this.
Jim: Really?
Pam: Yeah, I guess that's what they're saying.
Jim: Well, I guess they're saying, so maybe that's what they're saying.
Pam: What?
Jim: I don't know what the whole... thing about Pam? Is she hot? What does her name mean? What does my address mean in German?
Pam: I don't know.
Dwight: Come on!
Phyllis: Hey, Dwight, just wanted to say hi and hear you say everything is normal.
Dwight: You said nothing happened.
Phyllis: What?
Dwight: And you're just trying to make it up as much as you can.
Phyllis: Look, we can all agree that everyone else in the office is making up stories that aren't true.
Dwight: Okay. All right. All right. Case closed. 
Michael: Morning, everyone. Hey, Ryan. Ryan, what's up?
Ryan: I got a 'cream of the meetasies'.
Michael: Nice.
Michael: Hey, everybody.
Dwight: We're going to the Fundraiser.
Michael: Oh really? Because nobody's going to leave.
Dwight: All right, it's about you.
Michael: No, no, no.
Dwight: You said you would.
Michael: I did?
Dwight: Yeah, whatever you say.
Michael: I'm not going to give Ryan the details of his... 
Dwight: Michael, please.
Michael: I'm going to tell Ryan the real story of all of this, ok?
Dwight: Okay.
Michael: I didn't know about you not knowing anything about Pam. I was flirting with my sister, asking if she knew where I got my Little Red Loz. She said she didn't know and that she did know, but she would never tell me. So now I've never heard her say anything. Even when the phone rings.
Josh: You know I guess this summer I would have found my calling. And there'd be a mini-hunt for Pam Beesley and she was flying under the radar. I just loved it.
Angela: Hey.
Senator Lipton: Yes, Oscar. Look, I would like to invite you to lunch with me as a friend.
Oscar: What?
Senator Lipton: You know what? I would like to invite you to lunch with me as a friend.
Angela: But you don't have a calling list.
Senator Lipton: I'm gonna have to call you in anyway. You know what? You're gonna lose Pam, and if
