======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 this number from a real person, in your case. Just a little bit more.
Michael: Whoa! Why don't we just go.
Andy: Don't mind if I do...
Michael: Just... don't... worry about it. Just do what's right.
Andy: Just... you know how I am trying to be patient. I want no part of it. Not much.
Michael: What was that?
Andy: You know. It's just that, like, sometimes things, like I get a little frustrated when I don't have a really high-standard of living, like the kind I'm living in here. But sometimes things don't go our way, like, or you don't have that common sense I've mentioned.
Michael: Andy, I know it's very rude to say that, but please make it clear to me what you want me to think. So please say what you want me to think.
Dwight: What do I want you to think?
Andy: You want me to think?
Dwight: Yeah, that's what I want you to think, too.
Andy: This...is what I want you to think.
Dwight: Yeah. Good night.
Michael: Alright. Now you guys are going to go. All right.  Hello, you've been naughty.
Michael: Dwight, we're gonna tell you that this girl has been naughty... ever since you found out.
Dwight: I'm not a man that would ever tell that. What do you mean?
Michael: Hey, you wanna do something for us?
Dwight: I'm sorry, I'm just gonna tell, um, you can do what you want...
Michael: I know Pam was very upset. I think she really liked her boyfriend's boobs, like the two of them, but that he looked like a little guy.
Dwight: Do you understand?
Michael: I'm not the type people that think, like, 'Oh no, but they look good, right? So why don't we tell them why they thought this girl was attractive?'
Dwight: Well, that's just not very good.
Michael: So. Do you understand? Because it wouldn't be me.
Michael: No.
Michael: How could you?
Michael: Do, you think that's what I meant? It's just that Pam's the one that told you the whole truth.
Michael: I'm not that type of person that says, like that to anybody. I'm just saying, I mean, I just, I can't understand why we don't know her real well here.
Michael: Well, why do we, um, know her? Why do we still have to talk about it?
Michael: Oh, come on.
Michael: But I...can't...
Jim: Oh, what are you talking about?
Michael: Why, we still have to talk about it, we just... it's better than nothing.
Jim: I...just, I mean, um...
Michael: No. That is, it's not a great idea.
Jim: Okay. You think what's better is to wait, wait a second.
Michael: Stop. Stop.
Jim: Stop.
Michael: Stop you?
Michael: Look, no.
Michael: No no...
Jim: Michael...
Michael: Michael.
Michael: What are you talking about?
Jim: Well, uh, we still still have to talk about...
Michael: What are you talking about?
Jim: That's the good news.
Michael: Hey, what's up this morning?
Jim: What? Where we are.
Michael: I don't get the good news. Um...
Jim: Oh, what are you talking about?
Michael: Well... I mean, um...
Jim: Okay.
Michael: That's the good news.
Jim: Michael has finally finally made some sense of the situation.
Michael: Well...
Michael: I know. Look, this thing is just a business, right? What's up?
Jim: Pam's out of gas. What is up here?
Michael: Okay, just so here we are. Okay, here we go.
Jim: I can't believe, you're all doing really good for the paper industry...
Michael: ...and you're trying to shut up me.
Jim: Yeah. What's up here?
Michael: Pam is really out of gas.
Jim: Yeah. She's probably a good girl.
Michael: And just you know what, man, I mean as long as this is a good day for you and Dwight, that's...
Jim: You know, look, I know how it feels to be here. You don't have to be here to have a good day.
