======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 a time when a woman is most in need of support. What do you think? Good news. Women will find someone who is more accepting of them? Second best. 
Stanley: Andy?
Andy: Oh, what are you doing?
Stanley: Get lost in your own world.
Stanley: I know what sport does to women. Sii-sally, skater.
Andy: I really hope you're not thinking of running into town because no one is going to want to mess with your precious woman.
Stanley: I did not want you messing with my precious woman!
Oscar: What are you gonna do?
Andy: I did not want it.
Angela: It was a dangerous ... place.
Helene: When did the outbreak begin?
Oscar: Just before lunch.
Helene: I'm in the middle of a bookstore. What do I do?
Kevin: Oh, somebody got hurt and that's it.
Helene: You sure it wasn't you?
Oscar: It's Gerald. He's my volunteer. He doesn't give a damn.
Helene: Oh, yeah. I don't think he notices.
Jim: Is he gonna call or calling?
Pam: Oh, do not worry about it. Dwight is too important and will not call.
Jim: Okay. All right. Thank you very much. 
Helene: What kind of pizzas!
Jim: Fresh.
Pam: I picked out my new fruit cake this morning. 
Gabe: Cake. It's a little like a bowler-
Jim: Just one. 
Karen: I don't know, we all want to hit rock bottom, but nobody's really offered up anything.
Jim: What do you want to do?
Karen: I don't know, sing it in a song. Let's see what she says.
Jim: Oh, ok.
Andy: What do they think of me as?  Like a good accountant?
Michael: That's not what she taught me.
Andy: Divided into teams, you play teams and you win teams. 
Michael: That's not what that is.
Andy: Just playing the teams. That's how you do it.
Michael: Just dreaming up imaginary teams.
Andy: For instance, a team with three people actually playing pickup football.
Michael: That's not real.
Andy: 'Cause that's just a fantasy.
Michael: No, that's not real.
Andy: Fart!
Michael: No, no, no! It's not real! Fart! Goo-goo-goo-goo-goo!
Andy: What do you think?
Michael: I, I realized that we just hadn't talked about it enough, so I just--
Andy: What?
Michael: I just stopped to think about it.
Andy: What are you thinking about it?
Michael: Nothing.
Andy: Now that I think about it, it, I don't know, it would be luck.
Michael: Oh, please be kind.
Andy: What kind of team is this?
Dwight: I think he's trying to land a hot package on my desk with a tweed jacket.
Michael: Okay, cute. Wait, what do you want? What are you talking about?
Dwight: Dunder Mifflin business.
Michael: Okay, I am off for a little bit, come on in right now.  Don't open any new packages you don't want to get in.
Dwight: It's only for 30 days. Can we send them off right away?
Michael: That's just a tradeoff.
Dwight: Do you talk to him about the tilts? Like a guy instead of a man?
Angela: Hey, I hear you.
Kelly: Hey, I hear you.
Angela: Really?
Kelly: Yeah. I think maybe we should just go.
Angela: I don't understand what you're saying.
Kelly: No, no, no. You said we could do it in two or three days.
Angela: I didn't...
Kelly: I thought it would be two weeks.
Angela: It's done.
Dwight: So basically, we're taking lives this afternoon now. Except he says we should hurry and he wants us to count to three.
Oscar: Kelly, come on, stop it!
Kelly: No, it's not okay.
Angela: No, it's my office.
Kelly: This is my office.
Dwight: Temporary Restroom/Delivery room.
Oscar: Dwight, this is Angela's baby.
Dwight: Oh, what is your baby?
Oscar:
