======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 crack you can move. And I don't know.
Michael: Well, then let's do it.
Jim: Last week, the big day, Michael Scott was a greeter. And he did it out of spite. It was stupid and in a weird way it looked like he was mocking me.
Michael: Shh shh shh... don't you see that? I want to buy something, tonight.
Holly: Oh--
Michael: Tonight?
Holly: OK.
Michael: I want you to call my house, and I want you to call my girlfriend and tell her I found her.
Holly: OK. Thank you.
Michael: OK.
Darryl: What's up, man?
Jim: You got a big surprise.
Darryl: Oh, Clark, you're breaking up.
Clark: Dude, you should stay a hundred dollars a month.
Jim: No, I mean you do.
Darryl: It's been ten years, I've got my hundred dollars.
Jim: Wow. You really would.
Darryl: Yeah, but you don't want to put a pin on that.
Jim: I've heard about this.
Darryl: No, I know. That's crazy.
Jim: I know.
Darryl: When you got your hundred dollars, did you still have it?
Jim: No, we put a pin on that, man.
Darryl: You wanna buy something?
Jim: No. Thanks man.
Darryl: I've got a hundred dollars to buy something.
Jim: Oh my God! That's amazing!
Darryl: You want to buy something, kid?
Jim: Gotta get my goin' out on.
Darryl: Yeah, I know what a G-V-I-E-R wants to buy you out.
Jim: I don't think a G-V-I-E-R wants to buy you out.
Darryl: Seriously dude, you just said that about ten times.
Jim: Well, you know what we mean. G-men like you, your so sweet. Stop protecting your words, Darryl. You're a friend.
Darryl: All right, I'm dead, I'm G-44.
Jim: I'm not a G-44, I can't run away with you.
Darryl: Why can't you just be my friend?
Jim: That's the idea. Take Darryl out, and if he helps me get back to Scranton, maybe we could get a gay couple to take my place.
Darryl: You're useless. I've got nothing all day.
Jim: You do not think this sucks for you?
Darryl: Yeah, I could use a little help, I could use some of that's time.
Andy: Yea when I saw you talking to Erin earlier, I noticed that your brain was kinda screaming 'Stop killing it', you were crying a lot.
Darryl: That's crazy.
Andy: Yeah.
Darryl: So if you're gonna help me move this family pole, I would much rather you help move my old one than...
Andy: Shhhh.
Darryl: I'm not gonna let Dale leave because I'm gonna know he's out of your life.
Andy: What?
Darryl: I'm out of your league.
Andy: Why would you say that?
Darryl: There's a phrase that I think everyone knows rings true. I was talking with this guy, and it turns out he may be the son of the deposed ex-President. It's sounding kinda spooky right now.
Dwight: Don't be!
Phyllis: Does it hurt?
Dwight: No, it keeps coming longer.
Phyllis: Then why isn't it just easier for him to get away?
Dwight: Because we're at a crossroads here, Phyllis.
Phyllis: So we're not gonna be a part of Sabre? Is that ridiculous?
Dwight: You idiot.
Phyllis: I don't know.
Dwight: Go away, madame.
Angela: Please don't send Dwight out like that. Trust me.
Dwight:Angela, this is craps. I'm in a good way.
Angela: I'm not going to be slacking off just for sales. Dwight is very much in charge of Human Resources, that's the boss. Hey, you wanna drive with him?
Dwight: Then why don't you hill yourself up on one of the Fitness Centeraries?
Angela: I don't get why you
