======== SAMPLE 1 ========

Angela: I'm not going for it.
Michael: All right.
Angela: You don't have to...
Dwight: I know, Wallace told me.
Michael: Dwight.
Dwight: I went down to the warehouse for some water, Michael thought the best move was to get back into the pool, but I don't know how. Maybe I'm alive.
Dwight: Jim didn't tell you about the laser pointer.
Michael: I'm not going.
Dwight: ...Alan, uh... I should know. I should know.
Jim: I'm sorry, Wallace.
Dwight: ...It wasn't.
Jim: I'm sure it was.
Dwight: ...Erin... I should probably go.
Jim: No, you should go.  If you really want to party, why don't you come?
If you want to party, what are you going to do?
Erin: I didn't even have a party.
Jim: Oh, for real? You had to come all the way from out of town?
Erin: Yeah, actually.
Jim: Wow, that is crazy. Well, you really should have seen that movie. You fell in love with that woman so bad.
Erin: You tricked me!
Jim: So what happened?
Erin: I got in the way. I still haven't found out what happened.
Jim: OK. Let me think about it. What were the points at High-school?
Erin: Well... the point was, I was too young for the job. I had no clue. I though I would get the job. But I didn't, because I thought if I complained then people would believe me, and by the time I got the job I was too old to even look at women. So...
Jim: That sounds pretty interesting right?
Erin: Yeah.
Jim: OK. Let's see, we're going to Poor Richard's. OK? Michael is having a conversation.
Stephanie: I'm sorry you have to be so damn private.
Michael: I suppose I could sell you one of my copies of Henrietta and ask you to keep the personal property.
Stephanie: Please, I'll talk to you later.
Michael: What?
Stephanie: I think I'm good.
Michael: I don't know what you want out of this conversation.
Stephanie: It doesn't feel like it, Michael.
Michael: I wanna talk to you about something.
Stephanie: OK.
Michael: OK?
Stephanie: You wanna see a photo of my kids?
Michael: Inappropriate.
Kelly: Is it a good idea? Because we're going to have to put down the donuts.
Jim: WHAT??
Dwight: ...Are we sure about that? Are you sure?
Kelly: Oh my God! I thought it was a donut?
Dwight: It was. It was.
Jim: Michael, you shouldn't be saying that because you're acting manager of the party, and you're also the party manager of the donuts.
Michael: No, I'm not.
Jim: I know you are.
Michael: Whoa. Do you need that job? Whoa.
Stephanie: Ok, Michael, you have one more thing to do, and you need to...
Michael: All right.
Stephanie: ...Do it.
Dwight: Additional proof. The party investigator needed more proof.
Michael: And that is where we are now. Hot! Guy6ta.
Dwight: I may have planted the donut.
Michael: Deangelo, I do not like donuts. Who enjoys them. One time, he sat on a construction out in the parking lot, puffing out a corkboard and then going home.
Dwight: Of course I did.
Michael: Deangelo, you know, to not gossip is to misbehave.
Kelly: And if I were misbehave, I would be misbehaving like the youngest president in the union.
Michael: Deangelo, what if I were you?
Kelly: Michael, would you be nicer to Jim?
Michael: Oh, my God! That's what she said! That's what?
Kevin: Deangelo, you're disgusting!
Michael: She said that.
Deangelo: I'm disgusting! I can't walk today!
Kevin: Oh, okay! After I went to the hospital, did some tests, I found out what's scientifically called sarcophagus strangulation.
Jim: Oh. Well, I really wish you would have told me what your plans were.
Deangelo: Waste of time.
Andy:
