======== SAMPLE 1 ========

Michael: And a truck!
Angela: Yes!
Andy: I don't know, I think we really go against what we're made of.
Oscar: Why wouldn't we go back to work?
Andy: Well you should of thought of before you crashed your head on your way to pick you up. We'll, see you when you get out.
Meredith: Wow.
Michael: Yeah, yeah. Hey, how do you juggle? Make a juggle!
Oscar: I'd like that.
Michael: Yes, how do you make a juggle?
Angela: I have been watching the money howonami so I've been juggling a pewter ball, for weeks.
Michael: You know it's true.
Andy: Yeah, here's the thing though. I don't think teaching people how to speak Japanese is going to work. I want these people to actually try. To see if they're willing to help. Which they are, right now.
Oscar: I can't believe this day isn't just been kind of a slap in the face to some jerky professor.
Andy: We're thinking of going to lunch with Robert California and Jan, who's pretty cool. We're both at the same bar right now.
Nellie: Oh I can't believe this day isn't just been a slap in the face.
Andy: Yeah. It's just a day for me, to see the world burn. Before I came to, I dreamed that America was seven world powers. And already today, with the help of Thai-Americans, we are the only ones left standing. A salt-lick duel between a salt-lick and a bullet-proof espresso machine.
Andy: I've got a crazy idea. What if we did, um, fruit instead of cake?
Robert: What if we got boring?
Andy: We're not going cake. We're not boring. We're just sorta-
Andy: Darryl, you're in charge of the cake.
Darryl: Hey, I know. I just need some advice.
Andy: No, I just seemed to want to take your advice and say that it is not a good idea. So please, don't panic. I'm not going to be fleece-puss.
Darryl: That's not gonna freak you out.
Andy: Hey, you know what? It worked for me. Because I thought if I started flirting with fire, maybe everybody would think of me as a potential flasher. Like in Jets, except instead of wearing a fur suit, people try to wear the fur suits on us.
Meredith: You're the kind of person to mess with.
Robert: Let's err on the side. Yes, some of us. But not too eager. Let's do something fun for lunch.
Andy: These are my actual picks-
Robert: Is it okay if I call those back?
Andy: Fine. Yes. But I call them feeling-
Meredith: Fine.  Yeah, fine. Yes!
Andy: All right, here we go! 
Robert: Andy, Dwight said he was going to find a replacement for Andrew Bernard. So Dwight has taken his replacement. So, who knows what's going to happen? Well, let's hope he gives them a good, solid report.  AHHHHH!!!!!!!!!!!
Andy: Ouu h!!!!!!!!!!
Robert: Andrew, I need you to send those out. 
Andy: Well, it's important. Because I want you to know I'm about to sue this company. Because in the future, you should know that we treat you kindly.
Robert: Oh.
Andy: You're welcome.
Robert: Thank you. All right. So, who's next?
Andy: Uh, we're both here. There'll be two of us. You've got a twenty-dollar tip. Or an Adam Sandler-coached baseball game. 
Kevin: Is that the softballer?
Andy: Yeah.
Kevin: And you got a fifty per week membership.
Andy: I know. I know. It's a lot of fun. Um, I just want to take this opportunity to thank you all for coming, and to raise a glass to my amazing staff.
Robert: Ladies and gentlemen, we have the COMPANY BOARD!
Andy: Theellation.
Gabe: Les tribes dans laft-Oscar. 
Dwight: OK, fine! Nice.
Darryl: Dude! Nice.
Andy: Cultural centers.
Jessica: You mentioned these are theme parks.
Dwight: Sounds like a theme park, Jessica.
Jessica: No, Dwight. These are theme parks.
Dwight: Hmm.
Andy: Dunder Mifflin was
