======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 I want to talk to you about... your divorce.
Michael: No, no no no...
Jim: You just can't talk about it.
Michael: I divorce Pam!
Jim: No, we're very clear about that.
Michael: I don't want to take leave, just show the kids...
Pam: For the love of God, please.
Michael: They are very important people in this office. And I don't want them to get bored. And I don't want them to cry. And I don't want them to complain. Don't get me wrong. I'm important. But why?
Jim: I don't want to take her for granted. 
Michael: And today, we have the annual Dundie awards. It's a neighborhood thing. I go to Wallace Street Market and I'm gonna eat from the front of the building. It's a great expresso option. But Pam doesn't like me because I sell her stuff and she's a terrible salesperson. So I pick someone.
Pam: You guys?
Jim: What?
Jim: Roy. You guys, um, we decided to have a couple of drinks and a... goodbye music... and then it's goodbye to some shenanigans with the kids.
Michael: For now, its just...
Pam: You won a point for me.
Roy: Yeah, for having some balls.
Michael: Hey. Who you?
Pam: Ah, no.
Michael: Who is it?
Pam: I'm sorry.
Michael: Hey, how you doing?
Michael: There's like 50 other people here. And I only have so many peoplels.
Jim: To which one would you say the Dundies should be?
Michael: My Dundies are like a car of sorts. You mean, how many times do you actually ask yourself, Is this the seat of a car? 'Course I could understand that. Unless, you think that your seat is a car. Alright, then, why don't I sit down and ask the Dundies?
Michael: Alright. Alright! That's a good point. There are plenty of good salesmen in this office. Why don't I just be my own boss?
Michael: There was a great speech by Oscar in which he talked about focusing on the job. And I can only think that he was just trying to speak on something thatcial because I don't think his fault is being felt. But yeah, I'm working.
Michael: Guess what, we have another Dundies in the house. This one hosted by Angela.
Michael: You know what, Stanley? You're gonna regret that when you find yourself between a boss and your ass.
Stanley: Just do your best Pam.
Michael: I hope that when I finally find my boss, I find it worth the trouble. 
Andy: Thank you. 
Michael: Once again, Pam.
Pam: What's your name again?
Jim: Andy.  What's your name again?
Andy: Si Mike.
Jim: Andy.
Andy: Okay, Mike got his one job. He wants one job and then a good job. Can't do the one. Not good. He hates people. He walked in my door, just pulled out my top coat, put it inside the car, I don't know what it is, I am sick of it and am not going to leave him until he gets his man.
Michael: What's your name again?
Andy: Gerald.
Jim: Hmm. 
Andy: Hungrier.
Jim: Stop asking me your real name.
Andy: Tuna.
Michael: You are?
Meredith: Honey.
Michael: I don't wanna run into someone you don't like again.
Andy: Try being more private.
Meredith: I can't be around people that I like.
Michael: Try being more private.
Andy: You know what? I'm gonna put down my phone. 
Michael: I'm sorry, you have to leave, because I was just looking for a place to stay.
Dwight: Oh, man.  Someone needs to get my jacket.
Michael: You want to run naked down the street? That's what you'd be looking for.
Dwight: Ruddy cheeks, thick calves, no tats, no moles, no tats.
Michael: That is a great view, great soul.
Dwight: Yeah, why don't you bring your great grandpa?
Michael: Bring him my great grandmother who is also my great greatgrandmother.
Dwight: Yes, I brought my great grandmother with me.
Michael: Where are all the animals?
Dwight: In the pen1s.
Michael: No, the pen1s doesn't have any uterus.
