======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 the whole thing is a lie!
Robert: Andrew, where were you the night of the actual demonstration?
Andy: I was in Florida for the presentation of the Sabre brand of hi-strength birthing water, which we sell, so I don't actually know what the hell's going on here...but thanks for asking. See you out there.
Andy: Yep.
Andy: Dwight and I have a secret meeting tonight, as you know, but the point is that we believe we can have a frank, honest conversation about a subject that is as truly important to the both of us as the preservation of the Sabre store. So without further ado, I present the SFO Commendation.
Archivist: That's great.
Dwight: That's great.
Archivist: By spending taxpayer money, we are rewarding those who save our jobs.
Archivist: What about the original?
Dwight: Pious how many times do we have the same old thing?
Archivist: A man, who has silenced the otherwise happy and unseen can do this?
Dwight: There's a hole in the map.
Archivist: What? There's nothing in the past, Dwight. And you're taking our jobs from now.
Dwight: Good point.
Archivist: But the one who did it was my friend.
Dwight: There are no hole in the past.
Archivist: What? The one who did it...
Dwight: There are no holes in the past! No, what you were going to say...
Archivist: What? You're not going to find the tenement?
Dwight: There are no secrets! 
Andy: Dwight K. Schrute.
Jim: I started this journey with the goal of getting them to leave town.
Dwight: Thank you.
Andy: That's really nice, Dwight.
Dwight: Maybe we can get there first.
Andy: Is there some treasure?
Dwight: There's no treasure.
Andy: Maybe all of us.
Dwight: Maybe everyone can hear us.
Andy: Can you hear us?  Oh, God. 
Dwight: Get in the back please.
Robert: I hope you got this rundown easy.
Andy: It's not easy.
Robert: Anyone can read this.
Andy: Well, I tried.
Susan: I wanted to let you know that, uh, I know neither of you are here today.
Robert: Where are we?
Andy: I spent the afternoon in the middle of your car.
Robert: Where?
Andy: I drove down here.
Robert: And I called the doctor like an hour ago, and the results are that I'm not even driving my old car out to the cemetery.
Andy: All right. I'll take your old car.
Susan: Well, I gotta tell you something, Andy, I feel like I could use a little fun.
Andy: Yeah, I mean, I know I do.
Susan: I just though I could use a little more offense.
Andy: I don't know what that was.
Susan: God, Andy, don't let him down.
Andy: I feel like he's trying to steal this opportunity to get at Darryl.
Susan: Well, Andy, I think he's doing just as bad a job for you as I am, so... why don't you just take it back.
Andy: Oh, I did?
Susan: Yes, Mr. Bernard, I'm sorry. And if he doesn't listen to you, he will.
Andy: If it were Darryl, then it was Darryl.
Susan: If it were you, then I guess I thought I'd be unhappy.
Andy: Separate cars.
Susan: Thank you, Andy.
Andy: You're welcome.
Susan: OK. Now, I know I lied to Andy. And it's none of your concern.
Andy: I know, it's weird, how are you supposed to...
Susan: Get used to it, ok? You're a cat. Who are you? Now I'm getting your back.
Andy: We're getting carpooling.
Susan: Did you say carpooling?
Andy: I think you guys might have dined already.
Susan: Not yet! I was waiting for my car.
Andy: Ah, Look at this place. You have to go in there.
Susan: I don't care what you think. If you like it, stay in here.
Andy: No. I know, I'm sure you do. Don't.
Susan: I don't think you get it.
Andy: What?
Susan: I don't care what you think. Just leave it
