======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 have you done to...
Pete: Listen, um... I have an idea about the situation. You know we don't have your... your signatures...
Pam: Ohhh no, we don't. You don't have our signatures.
Toby: Do you have your cell phone?
Pam: Yeah, but I...  you know, I feel like there's a chance for me to be tailed.
Toby: I would like to remain calm and to speak only to the self-defense group.
Pam: Sounds pretty suspect.
Toby: Seems like a very good idea, if you don't mind.
Pam: No, we can't.
Toby: I don't mind.  If you're reading this, then you've got to be held accountable for everything that's going to happen with your employees, my friends.
Pam: Sounds like you want a little bit for us.
Toby: Would you mind if we talked privately for a little bit?
Pam: Okay.
Toby: Okay.
timeline: blah blah blah blah ...
Pam: Pretty much forever.
Toby: Uh-huh.
Pam: I mean, it's easy to get fooled by success, but what were you gonna find here? What was there no lure? Maybe there's a little box around here somewhere. Maybe, just a stick, with a little crossbar...
Jim: Oh it's a little stick.
Pam: No, nothing like what you found here.
Jim: I think you get what you paid for.
Pam: Are you kidding me?
Pam: Come on, stop, stop!  Oh, God!
Jim: Pam, do you hear me?
Pam: Yes.
Jim: Okay. Okay.
Dwight: Very very exciting to follow. Just as Michael and I soared to the top, the other male employees leapt to their deaths. There were many, many other lives ripped from us.
Oscar: That's enough.
Angela: And yet, we all turned our back on our boss. Wept as he died. I whimpered. I whimpered.
Pam: Michael and I took such offence that he was decapitating us. And then, like a car wreck, he drove himself into the dust.
Michael: That's enough, I told them.
Pam: Then we all burst into tears.
Jim: How's this restaurant business going? I mean, I've been trying to improve here. Here's the restaurant, everyone. Um, what's next?
Pam: What's up?
Jim: I asked Karen what she'd been doing to feed the fire. And she said make your own pizza.
Michael: Oh, Jim. Um, so I'm having an emergency lunch. Jim Halpert, please come in.
Jim: Oh, they don't call me 'Jim'. I just call you the assistant.
Toby: Hey, Jim, what's up?
Jim: Nothing much, what's up?
Michael: Jim, it's not that kind of ruse.
Jim: assistant is first.
Michael: Oh, he's always gonna ask me if I'm interested in working at his place. And I always say no, but I'm sure it'll be a good fit for you.
Jim: So I'm kinda hoping that you'll let me take over as acting manager, then.
Michael: Yeah, well, finish up.
Jim: Alright. 
Michael: Shoot.
Jim: I miss Jim, you know.
Dwight: They used to call me 'Bob Vance'.
Jim: Are you serious?
Dwight: Yeah, I know, I know, I'm around Bob. He was Bob Vance, head of Vance Refrigeration.
Jim: Wow, that sounds pretty serious, I'm gonna be working in his van.
Dwight: Of course I am, Jim. I'm a security guard on the same side of the office where you work.
Jim: Oh my God, that's disgusting.
Michael: We resolved a patent lawsuit, over Meredith's nipples.
Jim: Wow, that is... wow.
Michael: A number of your department has asked me to test leave, with the goal of returning to work.
Jim: So, that seems a little bit optimistic.
Michael: Well, you know what, there's always one way to go back. But you know what? I myself have never had recourse, so... .
Jim: So, this is getting a hold of you.
Dwight: Was that your understanding?
Jim: Truth be told, I think you're a freak.
Dwight: Oh, you freak. You really are a freak! You are, yes,
