======== SAMPLE 1 ========
aper. It's the world's largest supermarket chain. It was recently the poster child for business startups in the food space. Back in 2011, when I was just a freshman in business school, I got a call from a deep within where I wanted to get it all out in the open. And I did, and so here we are.
Michael: Hello.
Dwight: Do you have a red wine?
Michael: No, I have the like . . .
Dwight: I wanted to have a Red. What is it?
Michael: It's a tribute song.
Dwight: God, this is blood pudding.
Michael: Blood is the name of Scotland.
Dwight: They call it pudding.
Michael: That's right.
Dwight: This is Dundies.
Kevin: Yes, Michael.
Michael: This is Dundies, sir.
Dwight: This is Dundies, Kevin.
Kevin: Well, thanks, Kev.
Michael: You know what Kev? I should get you a movie.
Kevin: This is ridiculous.
Michael: Threat rating.
Kevin: Seriously, Michael?
Michael: With food.
Kevin: That's like half the movie.
Michael: Threat rating.
Kevin: I don't own The Devil Is in Our Shoes, by the way.
Michael: Threat Level: Kevin, one second.
Kevin: Michael, two seconds.
Michael: Dammit, Kevin.
Dwight: Good morning, Mr. Michael.
Michael: Let me be clear. I am threatening you with a poison gas grenade.
Dwight: What is the maximum caliber?
Michael: Three-seventy...
Dwight: No, no, one second.
Michael: OK, one second. 
Dwight: No, no, no, no. 
Dwight: Michael, what is your weapon?
Michael: I am going to throw you to the wolves.
Dwight: Michael, listen. We would only find happiness if you put our feelings on the line.
Michael: Oh, come on.
Dwight: I feel insulted. I feel you little person is making us put other people' feelings on the line.
Michael: Well, then, I'm gonna say hello.
Dwight: Wait, what, no, no, no. Dwight, Dwight, Dwight. Stop stop stop. Couple weeks ago, I tried to go with you and you went instead.
Michael: No, it's ok.
Dwight: No, it's not ok.
Michael: Well, you know... I tried, but I couldn't get out. And you're such a great, teacher. You're so, so great. Teacher, on the outside, it might seem like a compliment, but in reality, it's really just maybe - I was so impressed with the way you've grown and I want more than we've ever done.
Michael: Wow!
Dwight: Thank you.
Michael: You're welcome.
Dwight: Michael, I'm not - I'm not married. And I only have a $100,000 budget. And I'm a very close friend with corporate.
Michael: You're not a very good friend.
Dwight: Sometimes I feel like you're being blackmailed. 
Michael: No, you're being pressured.
Dwight: Yes. I'm being told that all of the signs are for a fight, and that I don't want to be turned into a fight. And I don't care, it's my girlfriend, so... ok. I'll- 
Michael: Dwight, you are turning into a bear.
Dwight: What?! Is that what we believe in? A burning house?
Michael: I believe in that.
Dwight: It's a bad idea. What are you talking about?
Michael: Well, Dwight, I feel like the whole thing is a distraction.
Dwight: You've been watching TV all week. Think you can distract us?
Michael: No.
Dwight: I can't distract you. I'm staring right at you.
Michael: Dwight, look at me. I'm a paper salesman. You don't have to do this.
Dwight: Why are you here?
Michael: To talk to you.
Dwight: No, Michael.
Michael: Nope. Are you listening to me, or is this thing on? 
Dwight: When I was a young salesman, I was busy on top. Just take the time to educate yourself.
Michael: Oooh- 
Dwight: Let me get that door for you. 
Teacher: Mr. Shrute, I call thirteen twelve years old.
