======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 and we've been working together for two hours!
Stanley: That sounds insane!
Michael: What? No! No, no, that is not insane! Do you know how many times I have said crazy things about Michael that I do not want to be contradicted! In every possible way possible.
Dwight: Michael is gay. He can't possibly be gay!
Michael: Oh, look Dwight, I didn't tell you about our strained relationship.
Dwight: No, no, no. Uh, I did not tell you that we were dating.
Michael: What?!
Dwight: That is true.
Michael: I... what news?
Dwight: Well, we made it together. Michael is gay. Gay blood. So, what news from that angle?
Michael: Ah, ah. Did someone say that before?
Dwight: Whoa! Well if that's the news that you want to hear, then by all means, you should give him a shot!
Michael: But...
Dwight: I am not gay! I am toxic! I will not rest until I hear it. Listen, all you guys heard our conversation and it is completely untrue. We never joked about our strained relationship.
Michael: No joking! We were in a cab at 11:45 and we were talking about... our mutual love for each other.
Dwight: He's right. People misunderstand what's actually going on.
Michael: No, I bet you do. And it's all totally false!
Dwight: Do you think Michael was gay before Pam and Jan?
Jan: Michael, I kept some kind of family member for my secretary.
Michael: Oh!
Jan: When I was young, I had two secretaries: the uh, Jackie the gal chick and the evel-able Clippy the smart girl.
Michael: Uh, I bet you had someone also on the side who was straight.
Jan: Uh-huh.
Michael: Which side was you on until Pam died?
Jan: Uh-huh.
Michael: And I switched my salary to a liv-a-thon from now. Um, which side were you on before?
Jan: Ohh...
Michael: Um, so there's- there's no salary information.
Jan: Ohhh, God...
Michael: Well...
Jan: Yes, I had a little job last year where I had to sit at my desk all day and I had to think about what I wanted to be when I turned 60. And it was, I guess it was a good thing I have a job which I enjoy , but at least I don't have to think about what I have now. Hey! Howdy, Spare me!
Michael: Oh, hey!
Everybody: Bye!
Michael: Goodbye, Stanley! Goodbye to you. May God rest in peace.  And remember those who are missed.
Michael: Why are we leaving this company? Oh, why are we leaving the company of Stanley? Because he has sunk 500 hours into this company Grail. What is his problem? He is a man of great depth and talent. If we know he wants to get back to what he started this company could be beautiful. It's not like there's a barber shop that he goes to to get a face powder. It's more like a fitness club. You know what I want? I want to get back to what I started this company. What is the essence of beauty? Who is the soul of True North? I want to see the silver screen. I want to see the gold screen.  Ugh... that's- that's nothing. I just want to see the gold screen.
Andy: Hey, what's up, parahuman?
Andy: Um, I just wanted to check in with you. What do I know about her? Did you know that I had met her?
Andy: Oh, well I guess...
Andy: She's in New York this weekend to benefit the Stamford branch. So, if there's a show that you love, and you're into that, I don't really know what to tell my new girlfriend.
Pam: Hey. I need a moment alone with you.
Andy: Sure.
Pam: All right.
Andy: Alright. Let's get up and make some noise.
Pam: Oh, okay.
Andy: Play to your drum circle.
Pam: Yep.
Andy: Yeah, do the same thing to me over again.
Oscar: You ever been on the road to depression or something?
Ryan: My MD told me that depression is something that can't be openly treated. Look, I'm not trying to be a big fat donor, just saying. But, do I fall somewhere in the middle? I honestly never want to be anywhere. I
