======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 mini-paradox. You know, you're playing catch-up, right? You always thought everything was up when you didn't even know there was a plan.
Kevin: Michael, I had a heart attack. I would watch you if you tried to help me.
Michael: You're just saying make our mother and sister angry so she can't hear you?  It's not that hard to do if you're really nice.
Kevin: It's just that if I were nice enough to help, that would be the way to go.
Angela: Really not nice enough.
Michael: Okay. Fine. You're not nice enough. And you know what? I am so sorry.
Phyllis: I know Michael loves you, and he doesn't need to see that anymore.
Michael: You don't need to see that.
Angela: You don't need to see that.
Michael: Yes, he does, you know what? I think you're a great audience. 
Kelly: If I have to choose between a great plan and nothing, I guess I have a choice.
Oscar: What?
Kelly: If I have a million dollars, and I'm in no way the boss, but if I have a million dollars and I'm in no way the boss, what do you say to you about not buying in?
Angela: I do not want to be touched.
Andy: You asked for this and you need to get rid of it.
Angela: Andy, if you ever wondered what its worth, you don't have to.
Andy: I wasted six years of my life asking for it.
Angela: Andy... 
Andy: I did not grow up with girls head-to-head. I grew up with these people.
Angela: Thanks.
Andy: Yes. Sometimes its the bread that doesn't come out when the knife has passed.
Michael: Sometimes I feel people underestimate me.
Andy: Yeah, well... I mean, I know a guy. Ohh! No way.
Michael: Yeah, Well, That's a guy! Oh, He's one of those guys that has got you really prepared. You know what I'm thinking? They're having an exhibition? I'm going to go sell them and get drunk.
Pam: So the show's starting up.
Jim: Definitely, and totally.
Pam: We need to sell more tickets.
Jim:'mour little girls are our neighbors?
Pam: Ohh...
Darryl: Come on, think about your position.
Andy: No, I just did, thought I'd bring it up.
Darryl: Every year, my crew does a little charity for hurricane victims. It's the Who's Who of the Scranton Rados. They keep their branches open past good seasons. Last year, it was Grant, the host. He was feeling particularly bad about the weather, so we created a little drama for him. It's this thing where years and years of experience show no signs of ending. It's the kinda thing that you'd never do.
Andy: Dui, Darryl. What would you do if you weren't manager?
Darryl: Something. Anything.
Andy: Except be my own assistant. And if there is a reason for that, just let it go.
Darryl: I need someone I can trust.
Andy: Keep.
Darryl: You can't just hire someone like me.
Andy: Yeah, I know I would.
Darryl: What you need is someone who will stay, and someone who can trust. There's no easy way to do that.
Andy: Are you kidding me?
Darryl: You gotta really, really good at your job.
Andy: You know I have a cousin, who has this really good photocopier in the house that could be the key to my house. She also brought someone with her.
Darryl: Someone who's easy to forget.
Andy: Someone who can sleep in the car.
Darryl: And have whoever drives me to the shop go to the Starlight Grill? Or to the diner where I've been going since I was a kid?
Andy: TO THE DUNDIES!
Darryl: The Dundies!
Andy: Alright.
Michael: Good work. 
Pam: What happened?
Jim: We did a reverse poll, and here's what happened:
Michael: Who Would You Do?
Jim: Um... Something new.
Michael: Oh, yeah, great. No, I forgot it. forgot it.
Jim: I found it in the desk drawer.
Michael: Oh, my God! Oh, my God!
Jim: You know what? I think I should go.
Michael
