======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 computer-a-mole.
Darryl: This is awesome.
Michael: Thank you. Thanks everybody.
Michael: Yeah, we were hoping you guys could discuss that. As a group, how come you've never had an operation before?
Oscar: I thought we'd switch to the current C.E.O.
Michael: Well, he hasn't been here any of the time.
Oscar: Ah.
Jim: What have we got here?
Cece: Scones.
Pam: Chicks are gonna be coming to the gym.
Jim: Yep, that's good.
Jim: We have one of those on the same weekend.
Cece: Yeah, come on, go to the gym.
Jim: Nope, it's not that, it's just a one time thing.
Cece: Yeah, it's just a one time thing.
Jim: Well, it'll be just a couple of times. Just let me know when you have as many clients as you can.
Cece: That is so cool.
Jim: Okay.
Ryan: Hey, Meredith I need to tell you something.
Meredith: Yes, you are supposed to tell people when they fart face.
Ryan: Oh, no no no.
Jim: okay, it's the boys only thing.
Ryan: I've been noticing a gaping hole in my life. And I decided to fill it with shame.
Kelly: Oh, the white pages.
Ryan: I didn't see you unless all the sisters are on IT.
Karen: Hey, did you go to Cornell?
Jim: Yep.
Karen: I've been wanting to be a robot myself for a really long time. I was hoping to start a family with a daughter. Then I realized that I wanted to be able to tell my own child.
Michael: What is Jim telling me? to go back to Cornell? That is ridiculous. of course it was a mistake. The main thing is making a child. Anybody know why so many people hate on us?
Kelly: Mm. Maybe you're being a little mean to Toby.
Michael: No, I'm not saying that's what happened.
Andy: Yeah it was just something I said. But can you say that it was someone else?
Michael: Yes I can, I have said that before, but I will say it again. Michael, 50 women for Dunder Mifflin? Great! What's the problem?
Angela: It was a simple matter of policy not to invite them to a party.
Michael: You think you can make a lower salary than administrative?
Kevin: I think lower could mean... 40k wai.
Michael: Sad? No? Well, yes. But look. People get paid more. You are talking about... 200k a year, 200,000 a year.
Dwight: You're talking about families.
Michael: Explain.
Dwight: Explain that to your guests.
Ryan: Is it really more money for you?
Michael: No, we're still allowing.
Ryan: No anymore?
Michael: You know what? To my guests, the least we could do is cede uncontrol over our own lives. The least we could do is realize that everything is wrong, and everything is wrong. And I think in order to take care of ourselves, we have got to get ahead of that.
Karen: You've got to be kidding me.
Jim: I can't help it, Carol.
Karen: Don't act surprised.
Jim: You're not funny, you're not funny.
Karen: I'm here for my cat.
Pam: Michael?
Michael: Yes?
Pam: Michael, what are you doing?
Michael: I have a very important decision to make.
Pam: Michael, we are going to establish parameters for our business.
Michael: Alright.
Pam: Because you have a very important decision to make.
Michael: I need to lose seven percent of our budget.
Pam: But then I would have to raise expenses.
Michael: So I'm going to establish parameters for our business.
Dwight: Michael, establish parameters.
Michael: Okay, Dwight, there they are.  For five years I have been telling my employees what to do, and here I have struggled to stay on top of what is essentially, my wife's life. I have lost more of this money than I can bear. I have lost friends. I have traveled far to learn about this great country. I have learned little about the world. I have learned even little about love. And I want you to know this. I want you to know that even if I disagree, you will not. You will not fire me.

