======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 ticket:
Michael: No, they have to deliver it outside of Scranton.
Kevin: Cool. Maybe stapleron, okay?
Nellie: Hey Holly.
Holly: Hey.
Michael: Did we order the same thing two years ago?
Holly: No, we just ordered the same thing.
Michael: Oh... What's in there?
Holly: Beets.
Michael: Okay.
Holly: Okay.
Michael: There you go.
Holly: Happy.
Michael: Yeah.
Holly: Baked beets.
Michael: Okay, well thank you everybody. 
Holly: Thank you.
Michael: Nellie was very persistent in putting these people out of business. I would like to wish them both very bad luck.
Dwight: And please signal an end to this month's layoffs.
Andy: Nope. Reusing an email chains structure. Sorry. Temporary Secretary to the Month.
Angela: But I don't think we need-
Dwight: Huh. May I?
Angela: Well, if you departmental reorganization as I think you need, I think we'll still have a place for a while.
Dwight: Can we just take the bus? Or the car?
Angela: The car.
Kelly: Ooh. I like how you look on Treble.
Oscar: Got a question for you?
Kelly: Sure.
Oscar: How are you?
Kelly: I'm a former Trebler. Uh, I'm now trying to become a mix-up repairman.
Oscar: Most people with Treble don't even know that there's a term for confusion about. Kevin, he's known as a hoops guy forever.
Kevin: I don't know Kev.
Oscar: While we're rewriting history, you let a town called Treble run you over.
Kevin: Oh yeah.  Not so old.
Kevin: Like... old isn't very nice.
Andy: Suck up, town! 
Andy: There's a place in Littleton that's easy to get around, another place that's clean and quiet and clean. There's a history there. I like the Olden Time inn. They used to have waitresses down there. Don't want to go though something dry and say something that's not business casual.
Dwight: Interesting.
Andy: Thank you. Anything else?
Kevin: No.
Dwight: Well, ok, then relax. I mean you can go just thinking about your paycheck and not worry about it. But know your Fed check will come right out.
Andy: It won't. But it will be between you and me, so just don't give it up on me.
Dwight: He can't get a good price. So just be patient. Leave it at that. Be quiet. And mark that with a zigzag.
Nellie: Got it. I've got the zags.
Dwight: So, what is the scuttlebutt? 
Jim: Okay, you know what, everybody? I'm just going to sleep. You woke up. I'm dreaming. I'm dreaming big. REM sleeper. So I'm just going to go back to the office, I'm going to check on Meredith, maybe we can talk about this later.
Dwight: Where you going?
Jim: Oh yeah, I'm sorry, I just was checkin' on Meredith. Yesterday. And I didn't tell my girlfriend, but thanks for asking.
Dwight: Wanna know what you're talking about? First of all, Angela. What do you think about Cece being manager?
Angela: I think she should be manager.
Dwight: Well she should be ours, isn't she?
Angela: Yeah, I'm sorry, she seems a little selfish, you know?
Dwight: She's not selfish.
Angela: Yes, I am sorry about your opinionated gesture.
Dwight: What did you think of my girlfriend?
Angela: Well she is very cute, but she's not a great girl to me. I think she make a bad girlfriend.
Dwight: Well she's, I don't think she's a great girl to me.
Angela: Yes, I am sorry, I'm sorry.
Dwight: Right. Because it is my job to make sure that you are fired and I can't fire you.
Angela: I am sorry.
Dwight: And you know what? This isn't the first time I've gotten in trouble with Dwight. Well, okay, maybe my behavior isn't strange, but it is a little weird. And you should know, that if you
