======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 going, I'll just... go.
Michael: You are the kind of person that will go to any kind of bar to just hanging out with Pam. And I think that she really is ready for this.
Pam: So, where do you think you're going on your first date?
Jim: I'm taking Roy.
Pam: He's really into Pam and the made-up girlfriend/assistant.
Jim: Wait, what?
Pam: I think we should do it quickly.
Jim: How fast?
Pam: Let's do it.
Jim: Yeah. Let's do it.
Michael: Yes. And I am taking Dwight.
Dwight: I'm sorry, Michael, I didn't realize that you were with another woman.
Michael: What?
Dwight: And I was so nervous about taking one.
Michael: Why don't you take a card?
Dwight: I didn't realize that everyone here took cards.
Michael: Dwight, you know that could be a source of embarrassment to the receptionist.
Dwight: Wait, wait, wait, who was that receptionist?
Michael: You can't have it.
Dwight: Yes!
Michael: She could have brought it in.
Dwight: What? What is that?
Michael: Well, I'm just trying to figure out why you're having these meetings.
Dwight: I'm sorry.
Michael: Come on!
Dwight: Michael, I have a colleague who is bringing a coffee, which is fine. I brought it in for you.
Michael: Okay.
Dwight: But they shouldn't be together, Michael.
Michael: I'm holding him because he is not a mole.
Dwight: And because he traded sexually.
Michael: You did.
Dwight: And because he has an allergy to coffee.
Michael: What is a coffee butt?
Jim: Eh, no guess.
Pam: I'll just assume that was it.
Michael: Very hard to remember. Ok. end of day. Everybody looks so good. We're all so good. We're all mole queens. Everybody deserves a raise.
Angela: Are you listening to music? Please play louder if you want to get a real score.
Michael: No, I'm not listening to music. I'm just living. I've always wanted to be in the office, and I can't wait to see everyone who's engaged, right? 
Dwight: Mike, I have to make some sales anyway. So I did this up in Albany.
Michael: This is the deal we made. WUPHF gets you high on your electricity bill. Thanks.
Ryan: Now I know people are roaming in to visit us.
Michael: Probably, but we were thinking maybe more like town or something like that.
Ryan: Probably, but we wanted to stay a little more 'Ponytail Woman' like.
Michael: Pam is cute. Maybe because she's from one of my favorite cartoon characters. Princess Moo-cat is a pony.
Pam: I can't believe this yogurt has animals on it.
Michael: It's not a yogurt, it's a kitty litter.
Pam: It's cool. It's a fun way to let the kids know that you're cool.
Michael: Okay, cute, cute. Princess Lady is a baby mama grizzly.
Dwight: I shot a hundred of thesemarine dogs last night. I went for the safety of the whole town. Apparently, people are very upset over all this regulation-
Jim: You know what?
Dwight: I'm a dog nut.
Jim: Oh.
Dwight: I'm a cat nut.
Jim: Not terrible, yeah. But uh... my cat is a six months old monkey that I brought from a friend's mom's. I'm hoping she likes it. I'm hoping it will be a great summer day.
Dwight: Cool! My new favorite TV show.
Michael: It's The Shield. Okay, it's a shark watching package. I'm kind of a big fan of the show. But I can't do the show in the car. So I'm going to have to treadmill it all the way to the car to... oh, I would love to.
Jim: Smile, try.
Dwight: I can't do the show on the phone.
Jim: Smile, try.
Dwight: I can't do the show on the phone.
Jim: Oh, yeah. No, I can't do the show on the phone either. Go ahead.
Dwight: Michael?
Michael: Yes?
Dwight: What is the emergency disaster preparedness area
