======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 you can't stay in touch with me no matter what.
Captain Jack: Hey, Pam.
Pam: Hey!
Captain Jack: I didn't think you'd notice.
Pam: It's Captain Jack now.
Captain Jack: Oh no, I didn't. In the last year, I've lost count of the number of times that I've fallen into a coma and sobbing uncontrollably.
Pam: How many captains do you have?
Captain Jack: I don't know. You know how they leave 'em, me or yours.
Michael: Well, if you think of it, I'm the one who forgot to give her a message.
Pam: Um...
Michael: Come on!
Pam: Um... just something I wrote.
Michael: Here it is. I love you. Love you too.
Captain Jack: First on the list, let's get this over with.  Okay, ladies and gentlemen, who is the second Charles?
Jim: Michael Scott?
Captain Jack: Yeah.
Michael: I am on the first on the list.
Captain Jack: I love you too.
Michael: I am on the second on the list.
Captain Jack: Okay.
Michael: Where are you going?
Captain Jack: I banged her. I asked her to have intercourse with you.
Michael: She is still asleep.
Captain Jack: Who knows?
Michael: Could you be the key to waking her up?
Captain Jack: I'm just trying to find out.
Michael: Sure. All right.
Michael: Yeah.
Michael: I finally finished my summer at corporate. That's a full year outside of Scranton. And I hit bottom when she left. She's sleeping with Gabe. I'm gonna take her for a walk. Make love to her.
Michael: That's sweet.
Captain Jack: Please.
Michael: That's sweet.
Captain Jack: It's going to be so awesome.
Michael: So I'm gonna go out on a very important sales call. Would you mind just a minute talking about romance?
Captain Jack: romance?
Michael: Mmm.
Captain Jack: Good.
Michael: Okay. I need you to leave; please.
Captain Jack: Thank you.  Bye Michael.
Michael: Could you please tell her that this is not a audition?
Captain Jack: It's not like you can kiss in the manager's chair.
Michael: Well...
Captain Jack: Like Phyllis saying, 'I like you like me'.
Michael: That's not... I can't do it. You can't win. You can't win. Good, you're smart, you'll win. Believe me, I have. 
Michael: So I'm still stuck up there.
Jim: It's a fun kidnapping.
Michael: All right, it's a fun kidnapping, everybody. Nice.
Michael: When Jan said that she was going to give him a job, a want ad on her door.
Dwight: Hmm, never mind. Let's do it.
Michael: Alright.
Dwight: Oh, no, Michael, no, no. We gotta get her out of here, find out what her real motives are.
Michael: She touched my shoulder.
Dwight: Yes. That's true. And, I don't know that I would do it if she was really that upset.
Michael: She's upset?
Dwight: You just waited there for me to say it.
Michael: Well... Yep, she sat there for, like, an hour.
Dwight: She's going through a divorce.
Michael: One month.
Dwight: And there's nothing for her to do?
Michael: No lawyers.
Dwight: You're right.
Michael: If she was in love with someone else, why didn't you just run away with her?
Dwight: We both-
Jim: You two broke up at the same time.
Michael: Yes, we were both really happy when I was in high school, right?
Jim: Yeah.
Michael: And I was crazy mad at myself at that point, right?
Jim: Well, you need to step into Michael Scott's shoes, man.
Michael: ...and I'm sorry, I tried to force you into it.
Jim: We were gonna try to have a talk, right?
Michael: Well, you sure everybody gives off a vibe, you know? These are not my shoes. These are the streets of Scranton, Pennsylvania, and I am your street lord!
Jim: That's a good advice.
Michael: A lot of the times, workingmen are just... too relaxed... to be with your wife and kids. And you have to keep
