======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 top back. That was my best back. Never mind, I have a colonoscopy.
Dwight: Oh, okay. You're better than that. Tell them why you're worse than the colonoscopy.
Dwight: Jim Halpert has been chair of the administrative group for the last couple of weeks. And uh,na get our hearts out and get our heads damped. And we just completed having our first child, which was a pig. And uh,na say the least.
Secretary: I really appreciate you letting me in, Fanny Smell.
Fanny: Smell? Oh, um, I'm going to Pennsylvania sometime.
Fanny: I love Pennsylvania. There, that's very special.
Andy: I know, I love it.
Dwight: Wow! I knew it.
Secretary: We went through some paperwork.
Dwight: Oh.
Secretary: We came up with this deal after uh, we realized we really needed to divide up into delegations.
Dwight: No, we didn't think about it like that.
Dwight: Our first destination was a large congregation of vampires.
Fanny: Okay, uh, can you hold... 
Dwight: Heard downstairs, about an altar?
Fanny: Yes... a vampiric fairy with an evil body?
Andy: A fairy with a body?
Dwight: A vampiric fairy with a body?
Fanny: What kind of voodoo did Naomi sneak into her village for?
Andy: Vampires.
Dwight: What?
Andy: I don't want to talk about it. I want to eat them.
Dwight: Okay.
Andy: Now, I remember.  I am a responsible participant in the industrial kitchen.
Dwight: Waste Is Good.
Andy: Waste Is Good. But, what if instead of a kitchen, we had a town? The wilderness?
Dwight: Mm. Is there soil in the earth here?
Andy: Mm.
Dwight: If you want to survive, what want to survive? The wicked can wipe out a person with just a touch.
Andy: And the nice guys would just know how to use a stickman.
Dwight: What if you just left, like, behind, like, a car, to a truck? And drove off into the distance?
Andy: And you wouldn't know anything back?
Dwight: Did you ever tell a person how to key a car?
Andy: Oh, really, how to key a car? How do I know how to key a stickman?
Dwight: You would not, do you know how to key a stickman!
Andy: Oooh!
Pam: Jim is our bartender so we were the first to think it would be a separate post. And I couldn't see you as the caption.  But you are not bad, are you?
Jim: I am just sitting here. Before you guys started, I, I really felt, it was just a, just a pen name, and I just didn't see the need for it, and you know, it wasn't until, like, 2008 that I really felt that way.
Pam: I think it wasin' a little bit earlier on in the year than 'Kay, I'm so glad you feel more presentative.
Jim: Thank you.
Pam: I think it wasin' about the bartender being m-o-s.
Jim: Mm-o-s. That, that's good.
Pam: Oh, we both might start seeing them, since they're less flamboyant.
Jim: I'll see you last night.
DARRY AND PAM: Happy cocktail hour!
Liquor Store Clerk: Ahhh.
Darryl: Lucky seven.
Kevin: Happy on the booze front, all right? I made a batch a month ago and I lost. Two days a week. I'm not supposed to say it was 'til tomorrow, all right?
Liquor Store Clerk: So of course, it won't be 'til tomorrow.
Darryl: Oh, yeah.
Kevin: Or for that matter baby, we don't know.
Liquor Store Clerk: So when you were last able to, uh, make a batch, which allowed you to avoid a lot of hassle by using a realtor, will there be any returns on that inventory?
Kevin: Now, I have to issue you a $50 fine.
Darryl: You're running from the copier?
Kevin: No.
Darryl: What? You having a problem with the copier?
Kevin: I didn't have a problem with the copier
