======== SAMPLE 1 ========
ight: Dwight, I've been meaning to ask you, which a cappella group should I join? The Harmoniacs, or the Do-Re-Mi-Go's?
Michael: Hooters.
Andy: Okay, you know what? Micheal, grab your stuff and meet me here later.
Michael: M-Hooters?
Andy: All business.
Michael: Okay.
Andy: P-isky.
Michael: What a cute name. Nice outfit.
Andy: Yeah.
Michael: There you are.
Andy: My name is Andy!
Michael: You don't have to say it, okay just say it.
Andy: Yeah, my name is Andy.
Michael: You don't have to say it, okay just say it.
Andy: Well, I'm not going to say it, but I am.
Michael: Okay.
Andy: I did say it.
Michael: Whoa.
Andy: Well, have a seat. I'll call you right back.
Michael: Andy, what were you going to say?
Andy: Well, 'teenagers' is a slang for sausage.
Michael: Ah, boys sausage.
Andy: Okay.
Michael: Me get them some sausage, banged them.
Andy: Alright.
Michael: Wait, wait, guys, I think I'm losing my grip on reality.
Andy: Michael, do you hear me?
Michael: Yes.
Andy: Come on, I heard you.
Dwight: What's the problem?
Jim: Nothing.
Dwight: This device could not catch his eye.
Andy: Come on, it's a bull****!
Dwight: It's a man and his wife.
Andy: We found a cure.
Dwight: And it's a huge hit!
Ryan: Dwight, we need to do this investigation online.
Dwight: Word.
Ryan: Good.
Dwight: Video.
Ryan: Let's check it out. 
Dwight: Yes.
Ryan: Yeah, let's check it out.
Dwight: Hypothetically, if I were to fire everybody and no one would ever come to me, how would I deal with it?
Ryan: Anything?
Dwight: It's a very hypothetical situation.
David Wallace: Okay.
Dwight: Can I start this by referencing a number of scenarios.
Jim: Okay.
David Wallace: What?
Jim: What in the history of human insanity has awakened everyone in this room?
Dwight: I can't start that scenario.
Andy: Dwight, come on!
Dwight: What?
Andy: The Scranton strangler is in the house.
Dwight: I don't know what he's doing.
Andy: Stupid lot of reasons why Dwight can't come to my house.
Dwight: You mean I can't say things?
Andy: I say words.
Dwight: Can you say anything else?
Andy: No.
Dwight: Look at him. Look at him, I swear on his face.
Andy: I don't believe you.
Dwight: I didn't say anything.
Andy: You say anything else?
Dwight: Oh, come on. Andy, tell me what you're thinking.
Andy: All right.
Dwight: Tell me what you're thinking.
Andy: I said go.
Dwight: Stand clear. Then you are forming a new Tri-Police, Special Police, Narcotics Detector.
Andy: Uh, you are forming a new Tri-Police, Special Police.
Dwight: Yes.
Andy: You're forming a new police force.
Dwight: I've been thinking about this whole thing being Toby's Army. We'd mostly been teaming up with the local police, but maybe now we'd be joining forces with the Federal Police to protect America's industrial secrets.
Andy: You're forming a new police force.
Dwight: And we need you to form a new police force.
Andy: I thought we used to have a team of guys who would do stuff like that. But that's gone. We're here to stay.
Dwight: What's the problem?
Andy: It's just a new force to form.
Dwight: Don't think of it as anything but a new force.
Andy: Come on, new force. That's what I want you to do. Just make it like a new force. If I'm forced to defend my honor in the event that a police state happens, I will defend my honor first.
Dwight: Good defense, very good self. Downer?! 
Andy: Dwight
