======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 in you is, 'Oh, oh, oh, oh, here it is'. And I just thought it was kind of one of those moments where, God forbid... we need to get back to your normal lives.' That's when it felt like we just had so much more to offer....And I was about to get a tattoo on cheek...
Meredith: ...Tattoo...Oh, that's not it.
Ryan: Okay, ahh, why you look. I'm sorry, this is a little weird, can I ask you just one question?
Jim: Okay, just to give you a handle on this, we were told that the office would be closing in on a $25,000 gift from corporate.  Thank you so much...
Robert: Come in.
Ryan: Hello. How did you get that number?
Robert: That's my number...
Ryan: Oh, ok, thanks man. Don't worry, just put the gift in the address..
Jim: This is Robert California from Sales, right here in the office, thank you.
Robert: Jim, this is Robert California, from Sales.
Jim: What?
Robert: Hi, can I have a minute, Jim? And also I'd like to introduce you to the manager of the branch that received the largest donation from corporate?
Oscar: Robert this isn't business....
Kevin: Yeah!
Angela: Oh...
Oscar: Robert!
Erin: Hello.
Robert: Oh my God, what are you doing here?
Erin: Don't worry.
Robert: No one cares.
Erin: Oh my God, the gift from corporate means jackpot!  I got all these messages right and I could have stopped them if I wanted to, but this is one of them....and it's from the manager and his wife! 
David: Andy you're supposed to be your father?'
Andy: Whoa, you're not.
David: Andy is?
Andy: My brother and I are getting married.
David: Is this a good idea idea, because you think it will help?
Jim: Yes.
David: Yeah.
Jim: Yeah?
David: Is this just a good idea or is there something there?
Jim: No, absolutely. Look at this, it's good, it's funny,  it's in the description....it's coming soon.
David: Great! 
Kevin: Andy and I have a very special connection. Andy got his diamond engagement ring from Robert California. And I have been wanting to get married for a very long time....It's just so easy. 
Jim: So you got your ring from your brother, and you got your other brother's ring from the warehouse guy.
Toby: We got our warehouse guy?
Kevin: Andy and I met at the warehouse!  Andy and I said we'd be marrying at the wedding. And I think we should call it a bridesmaids wedding.
Dwight: It sounds fun, doesn't it?
Kevin: Well, Andy, you're an amazing man, but the wedding is way more interesting than your wedding is.
Toby: Yes....come on!
Jim: Nice.
Kevin: You didn't have to be a bridesmaids guy to get married. It is a very sophisticated wedding.
Toby: I'd like to start with the basics and then move up to bridesmaids.
Kevin: Okay, well, I'll start with the basics, the bridesmaids guy.
Andy: Uh huh.
Erin: Hi.
Creed: I'm here to see you at your desk.
Holly: Hey! Wow! Who's it?
Robert: Hello, Holly?
Holly: I'm here to see you.
Robert: You have to use that manila folder.
Meredith: No, no, no. Get rid of it.
Robert: No, it's in here.
Meredith: No, it's here. Just leave it where it belongs.
Robert: Please, Holly. Thank you.
Holly: Okay. Well...
Robert: Well, let me call you back.
Holly: Okay.
Robert: Let me call you back.
Holly: Okay.
Robert: Hey!
Kelly: Are you gonna make a scene over there?
Robert: It's getting bigger and bigger. I don't know how it's gonna go any bigger.
Dwight: Oh, this is so cool! It could be anyone. I mean, what if they all got married right?
Holly: No. This is a special moment. I don't see what the problem is. If you get married and everyone dies, then everyone will get a special moment that nobody gets when they work together. And that's the
