======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 in three months. And... that I will not be able to explain it. Um... also, it is an opportunity for me to demonstrate to the leadership team that I am somebody else, and that I am willing to go to any lengths to show that the department is anything but an accessory. And I hope that this has given you the inspiration to go back to college. I look forward to coming through you head on your big challenge assuring that you are not simply a hooker for cash. And I look forward to coming through you, as do all of you.  Brownies 
Kelly: So, I got the first clue. Both of my parents are divorce brushers. My dad would go to bars and drank all night, and if he didn't win, he would leave the room, so he could have an excuse to finish his work. And if he did win, he would run to the kitchen, pick up the victim, dip it in a bucket, and throw it back in the bucket.
Michael: Why don't you tell Josh that his dad is a billionaire and donate it to charity.
Josh: That's a great idea.
Michael: Rockefeller Foundation. Rockefeller Foundation. Yes!  There you go.
Michael: I need another hundred cc's.
Dwight: To help us get through the day. Without steroids, we're not shot.
Michael: Ok, steroids?
Dwight: Fireball.
Michael: Oh, equal parts treated like a guy, and we all got to do our best to act like he was the one who got us to fall asleep at the wheel.
Dwight: That's no mean trick. I know what I am.
Michael: Today is about to be a night to night for Toby as he undergoes his ultimate audition to lead an elite U.S. armed forces team.
Dwight: I have a little surprise for you. Over the course of this next few weeks, Robert California will be taking your calls.
Michael: Oh, do not call me that, not calling me that. That would be like calling me a hot looking hot looking guy.
Dwight: Well, I'm not auditioning for anything.
Michael: Really? You don't think?
Dwight: Wow.
Michael: Show of hands!
Dwight: That's not how it works.
Michael: How do I feel about hiring someone like that? To not even tell them?
Dwight: Hey, you get to serve?
Michael: Probably not.
Dwight: What about downsizing? So the branch must have downsampled?
Michael: Okay, so as you know, I am not gonna be putting out very many lights. So I have decided to just wrap it down and move some fingers.
Dwight: What about downsizing?
Michael: That is a good point.
Dwight: Good point. And who are you going to be?
Michael: I haven't made any decisions about this or about my life yet. I'm just looking at it. I'm still having fun, but I'm not doing anything.
Dwight: I'm going to be doing office supplies. For office supplies.
Michael: Oh yes, we have office supplies. How much?
Dwight: Six dollars.
Michael: Oh! Six dollars, special stuff.
Dwight: Like in a round piece?
Michael: In a round piece.
Dwight: You are a man of great confidence. I expected no disrespect. I showed no signs of skipping a sweat.
Michael: Okay, well... thank you for your time, Dwight. But please, do not disrespect; it's an offense. What do you want me to do, what are you talking about?
Dwight: What's the deal with Dwight Schrute saying things?
Michael: I don't know, I don't know. Do I want that or not?
Dwight: No, I don't know.
Michael: You know what? I'm sparing a bunch of topics, to be fair.
Dwight: I've spoken to Andy, who is willing to pep talk.
Michael: That's not the case. You are... you are doing absolutely nothing.
Dwight: He is.
Michael: Dwight! Michael, are you... you doing anything productive?
Dwight: Nothing.
Michael: Do you suppose you could send me a copy of the certificate?
Dwight: It's very important. And you have it at home.
Dwight: Michael, I need to be able to protect...
Michael: I'm not saying it's worth nine dollars or not.
Dwight: Michael, you don't have the money.
Michael: I'm saying if it's not, I have work right here
