======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 been already going to be dead.
Pam: Well, I'm going home now. I'm just gonna take a nap.
Meredith: What! Dwight!
Pam: What is going on here?
Jim: Dwight...
Pam: Just tell her all the circumstances are going to be perfect and then we could pick up where we left off. We're still friends.
Jim: Dwight.
Pam: What? Jim? Just talking.
Jim: Oh my God, Dwight. Good thing I'm not dead.
Pam: Wait, can you go in the car and just tell me what you're going to do?
Jim: Please.
Pam: Just let me wait here, then.
Jim: No. I'm going.
Pam: Please don't go in the car, Jim.
Jim: Okay.
Angela: Jim?
Dwight: What is going on here?
Erin: My nephew is dying of cholera.
Dwight: Cholera is an international crisis. It is no wonder that Oscar has become the most wanted man in Scranton. He is the man who has locked himself away from all contact with ordinary people.
Erin: Dwight? What are you talking about?
Dwight: Everything. He goes to the bathroom, then comes back, dies, a little bit stronger, and then the infection subsided. Oscar was right. It's only natural that I would treat him badly. So I have decided to make Oscar my number two.
Michael: Angela? I can't make any promises, but if this gets blown, you will be the problem. I promise you that... If it doesn't. You are going to be the problem.
Angela: I don't have a lot of work left, so...  Uh-uh.
Michael: That wasn't a big problem, though.
Jim: So that's what we think, anyway, huh? What about the gifts?
Michael: Okay, you did a great job.
Oscar: Yeah, totally.
Michael: Thank you. I'm glad you liked what I had. It was like a big hand went to my gum.
Oscar: Thanks. 
Angela: Okay, we all say Merry Christmas and we say Happy Holidays and then we pretend to be Santa Claus and it works.
Michael: Really?
Angela: Yes.
Michael: Okay.
Dwight: Welcome in a little box. There is a piece of wood on each corner. Inside you will find: a ring for your Valentine, a greek heart shaped like a christmas tree and some string for my old Santa cardigan.
Erin: Oh, Michael.
Michael: And then inside it there is:
Pam: So my gift. And what do you think? Is it fun? I mean, I got one for my coworker, and it was a little hard to put into words.
Jim: Really?
Pam: Yeah, I got one. It was for Santa. He's my little cousin and my mom helped me out a lot. But I have to thank them that much instead of making Santa a little weird.
Jim: Wow.
Pam: I love Santa. I find him to be a little weird. Like me. I mean, I'm not going to let that stop me from getting my Christmas wish this year.
Jim: That's crazy.
Dwight: Christmas is the best. The best-looking holiday. I am Santa Claus. Not that I don't like him or anything. Let's face it though, he's not pretty. I like the look of his pants. 
Pam: Let me just get that for the record. I'm not Santa.
Michael: There he is!
Michael: I have all the cards that every American deserves to own and every individual in the world deserves to own. I have even created a website where someone can buy a deck of cards.
Jim: All right, now, I'm going to buy a deck of cards and when those are in stock, you will be able to buy a deck of cards for $9.99.
Michael: I will be the one buying them.
Pam: Well, you can't, no one can be president.
Michael: No, no, yes, no, No. Absolutely not. And I am a very big, fancy guy.
Michael: Wow, I have a lot of very smart people in this office who can figure this out.
Michael: I know, I just don't have time for this right now.
Oscar: Michael, I am so sorry. I'm so sorry.
Michael: Oh, God.
Oscar: Well, what am I gonna do?
Michael: You know what? I just need my Christmas card
