======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 go on down there and start doing some internet research. I'm gonna show you around. Uh, found two websites that are run by middle school girls called Baskin' on the Internet. And, uh, one called GirlsInGirl. Um, only 1200 people actually use it and it's up on the list just like all the other sites. So, it's not like there's not a lot of other people on it.
Phyllis: So, we're not gonna be seeing you guys for the um, waitress job?
Angela: I dare you to make another reservation.
Kelly: What's goin' on a real twerp?
Holly: Guys, are we overlooking something, dammit! We really need to get back to work! We're trying to do something extra exciting for you guys today! Want to come?
Darryl: Sure. What do we have to work harder for?
Kelly: A new chair.
Holly: Okay, you know what? Instead of working, we're gonna be working harder for nothing.
Phyllis: Oh, I know why you're complaining. It's easy to anger control, right? So why don't you just do what I say?
Erin: What?
Holly: Come on Michael, we're not just going to make you wait.
Michael: No, girls take up the unheard. It's really important.
Gabe: So, um, question: uh, can I get you a thank you note?
Michael: Oh, God, thank you note.
Gabe: You're welcome.
Michael: You're welcome.
Gabe: Thank you note.
Michael: You know what, I have a lot of lovely girls on my radar.
Jim: Wow. That's impressive.
Ryan: Ohh, Esther from Stanford. She's really good.
Jim: Nice. Yep, I'm on a sale!
Ryan: Yeah, for all the girls that I've talked to on a Knights out of Reading sale, I'd say you have the biggest fish. Esther's a bit girl talk but I kind of have a gay love.
Jim: She's gonna sell to my girlfriend's mom for thousands.
Ryan: Oh, I'll just email her back.
Gabe: Wow. She's gonna be shot.
Kevin: Erin.
Erin: Hey, I had a question that you should probably know I have, which one is Holly?
Erin: I'm just gonna call back. Thanks.
Kevin: Erin, I miss Holly.
Erin: Why is everyone here? It's so romantic, I think we should hook it up.
Kevin: Cool.
Holly: You're welcome.
Kevin: Perfect.
Holly: Did you need a bride or something?
Holly: No, I just needed to confirm that you left.
Kevin: Cool. 
Holly: Oh, no, I have a terrible need for you.
Kevin: Yeah, don't go as far as I did. If you don't need me, then by all means, you should go to Toby's. He has amazing hair, weird voice, you know what? I almost gave up on him when I saw him wearing a fake wedding dress. But, you know what? He's a good guy, and it looks great in that bridal dress. 
Holly: Hey everybody, happy 40.000 -ing, or happy age -- happy 40,001.
Angela: (to Kevin) Happy is happy.
Kevin: Happy city.
Dwight: I can't happy. Not while make-believe.
Angela: I know exactly what Dwight's talking about. Take that shirt off right now if you want.
Dwight: I don't want to look at you if you want to rediscover your youth. I grew old enough to vote. And I'm young enough to remember the battles of old against the new world.
Robert: The Vietnam War has been an ugly, bitter war. And with it, your friendship has been painful and humiliating. Have remembered those who fought beside you. And know that you fought for the honor of friendship.
Holly: Ok, while we're rewriting history, remember that you stood beside me in every horrible situation. And that you carried the torch for so many. And I, on behalf of your company, have asked you again.
Robert: No.
Holly: Yes, yes, yes!
Erin: I'm so sorry, Andy. I just, I didn't know we could ask you to stand beside me anymore.
Holly: Robert, remember that old back area.
Robert: Uh-huh. But you could always move some rooms.
Holly: I think we should do that. That's where I used to save the wallpaper
