======== SAMPLE 1 ========
: No, he's still confused... and he's unhappy.
Robert: He wants happiness too. He wants a wife who is happy, and a son who is happy, and a daughter who is happy, and a son who is happy, and a son who wishes she was a-
Jim: Robert! No. No! She- 
Robert: Sorry, what is going on?
Jim: Robert...
Robert: Yes?
Jim:adow...  Princess Ding-Dong.
Dwight: Ding-Dong.
Jim:adow...  Princess Ding-Dong, where do you think you're going?
Dwight: I was just looking out for you.
Jim: Yeah?
Dwight: Merry Christmas, guys.
Andy: Thank you.  It worked.
Erin: It's Aard! 
Andy: Cool!
Vet: hey, you owe me one!
Andy: A-bam-bam!
Kevin: I already had one.
Erin: Oh, come on, you had to be in there for like three hours. I was in there for like seven hours. I had a heart attack.
Robert: Erin, how may I assist you?
Erin: Oh, just go along if you want. I'll go with the group.
Robert: Sure.
Erin: Wow, this is daunting.
Robert: There's no shame in following through. You're just a person.
Erin: I don't want to sound passive-aggressive, obviously. I want to be helpful.
Robert: Now, if you leave, I'll take your coat, I'll take your keys, and I'll be in charge of the party planning committee.
Andy: Yay, yet again, poor Robert.
Erin: Agreed.
Andy: Okay, good. Okay, maybe a one-night-stand with some of the older guys.
Erin: Maybe.
Andy: No, no, no, no, no.
Erin: Come on, Andy, this is the dumbest thing we've ever done.
Andy: No, it's not--- no, this is a good idea.
Erin: No, we have a great one.
Andy: No, no, no, we're not stopping this program immediately. This is so much better than a stand-up comedy!
Erin: Have you ever been in a gang?
Andy: Why?
Erin: What, is that a reference to a reality dating show?
Andy: Okay, I'm getting really worried here, trying to fit in better with the other girls.
Erin: Oh, you know what? I mean, if it makes you feel better, we could---
Andy: Screw you.
Erin: You just rented an arctic cat.
Andy: Let's move it. I need a tent, I need a book a friend.
Erin: Alright. 
Andy: Hey, I want to move in with you. I want you to have my daughter.
Erin: Andy, we've been engaged for six years. This is supposed to be our wedding day.
Andy: Oh my God, wouldn't that just sound weird to you?
Robert: This is a financial maneuver.
Andy: No, it is a legal one.
Robert: Could you read my mind?
Andy: Look, could I just say that as far as I'm concerned, no one's gonna cry for me.
Robert: Andy, you're too important.
Andy: Okay. I understand.
Robert: I don't deserve this.
Andy: Just cry.
Robert: You're crying right now?
Andy: No.
Robert: I'm gonna cry.
Andy: You're gonna cry any second?
Robert: No.
Andy: I'm gonna cry. I'm going to cry. I'm going to cry for weeks. I'm going to cry for weeks on end.
Erin: Almost sounds like a 2 week thing.
Michael: Well, that is because it's a two week deadline and, I have chosen an hour over an hour of actually being productive.
Andy: Ok, it's under two hours periodically.
Michael: Actually, it's beenumsessionally.
Michael: Ok.
Andy: Oh, God, here we go again.
Michael: Ok.
Andy: So, what is the actual deal with these people? Actually, they're kind of annoying, you know? I mean, if we went to a place like this, would you try to find a place that's kid-friendly and classy, would you go?
Michael: I do not want to bring my kid into work.
Andy: Why?
Michael: Because - it's nicer. And, my wife is
