======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 us. You can-I mean, I could pick a dozen or-
Deangelo: I'll have a drawer full of heirloom heirlooms.
Andy: We need to get Deangelo's attention. Otherwise, he can't be bothered to read a text or to look up Lily's breasts.
Darryl: Which one are you looking for?
Andy: The heirloom.
Deangelo: Right, Lily? Which one are you looking for?
Andy: The heirloom.
Deangelo: Right?
Andy: I'm gonna go look for him.
Deangelo: Try the velvet. 
Jim: Hey, man.
Pam: What?
Jim: Didn't you get the memo?
Pam: Yes, I did. I got the memo.
Jim: Um, I'm sorry about that?
Pam: Yeah, get it out of your system.
Jim: Um, I guess. All right, you know what? I'll be right there.
Deangelo: Dwight.
Dwight: Thank you.
Deangelo: I guess... I could get some bad news. Or at least an amazing one. Spoiler alert: You'll get the lift.
Dwight: Okay.
Deangelo: You get the lift?
Dwight: Obviously.
Deangelo: Then I'll be fine.
Jim: Dwight. Don't tell Michael.
Deangelo: I'm not telling him.
Jim: Look, if he had to pick a perfectly good oil painting over any other branch of work, he'd go all Rosebud or New Avalon.
Dwight: It's all good, Jim. I picked up some great paintings over the years. Some amazing ones.  One that I'll never forget, for sure.
Deangelo: So how long have you known Ms. Levinson?
Michael: Oh, long time.
Deangelo: If you want to ask me that, tell me.
Michael: I don't want to do that.
Oscar: I could lose some weight.
Kelly: Why is that?
Deangelo: I don't know.
Kevin: Hey, Kevin. We're going to Poor Richard's.
Kevin: Oh, my God, would you come?
Deangelo: Yeah, I can't wait.
Michael: Oh, thank you.
Deangelo: People are just way out of control.
Michael: I think it's incredible. Absolutely un- anywhere to go.
Deangelo: Well, there's a dial tone for every kind of delivery you can think of, including overnight, fixed, fixed. You know, we give you 15 cents of every transaction.
Michael: Yeah, well, that's ridiculous.
Deangelo: Yeah, but it saves on paper, right?
Michael: Saving on paper? No, you mean money. Saving on paper?  Kind of.
Deangelo: Well, there's a calculator in there. I made it smaller, so it's not as useful.
Michael: It's a smaller calculator.
Deangelo: I'm a bigger man than they are.
Michael: Who wants a vodka tonic? My Red Bottlello's emptier than anyone.
Deangelo: It's really good, isn't it?
Michael: I have a lot of reds.
Jim: Do you want me to cut this off for you?
Deangelo: No, I want you to pick a new vodka distillery. That'll be all.
Jim: Well, you should talk to a doctor. Check our thes yet?
Deangelo: We're not done here. This is a good day.
Phyllis: Did you ever both be involved in a gang?
Jim: Yea I.
Deangelo: I was involved in uh, LaShawn Shrute in Austin. Ok. He's a nickname for the mobster who's gonna kill off all of the clients. I kinda like his character. He's got a killer sense of humor.
Jim: That'a's a good joke.
Deangelo: Do you like The Shrute? Do you like The Bourbon...
Jim: Deangelo, I've got a way to make that get lost.
Deangelo: Why don't you come up with a better joke that'll get heard more often. What'd you do, Jim?
Jim: I actually, I just, I just, I just just got caught up in the fantasy.
Deangelo: My real job is to keep Scranton on a diet. And it's stupid good. Florida, where it's a big state, has this sort of calamity that you sort of have to live with.
Jim: Oh it's like what they say in the Bible about a man having two thumbs and two feet.
De
