======== SAMPLE 1 ========
am: I was getting ready to come to work, thinking, Why am I doing all this? Why am I doing all this?
Pam: Are you serious?
Jim: Yes.
Andy: Think about this. Every job is an interview. The chance to be hired, to get on the right track... this Phyllis is your grandmother.
Darryl: That's an old saying.
Andy: This one's for sure, Darryl. You are hired, you go. 
Darryl: I'll take it.
Jim: Hey, buddy. So Pam and I had a few years ago, and I got her into the dating pool, and just her determination. And she's never come across anyone since.
Andy: I'm gonna get a inkling that this might be happening, so I am going to wait and see what happens. Alright? Fine. Go ahead.
Jim: Hey...  What?
Andy: What is going on?
Jim: Not much, mm- Oh my god.
Andy: What??
Jim: Uh, it's St. Andrews' Day, right? Um, I forgot to tell you guys okaytime, the Eagles are at the park, and it's Stacked, and everyone's in costumes.  Eagles, Saints, and Carmel people.
Stacked: Saints Halpert, Stacked Human Resources.
Jim: Hey, guys. So you guys have plans, or at least an idea as to when those are gonna happen.
Stacked: Okay.
Andy: What?
Dwight: Oh, no, no. That is so stupid. A one-time thing? Oh, sure, but it's all ours now.
Jim: Dwight, wait. Let me just...
Dwight: Let me just read it.
Jim: Okay.
Nellie: So, let's get it going, shall we?
Dwight: I have a plan. I'm gonna steal all your leads and-
Todd Packer: Hannah may have something in the next hour or so.
Nellie: What?
Dwight: Get in the way.
Todd Packer: Damn!  I don't know. I might end up getting a second-best offer of... 
Nellie: I'm done with this. Pack your crashers. 
Angela: What?
Angela: I'm on the phone. You're not just going to call me?
Pam: We're all just going to call her.
Angela: I haven't called her in awhile.
Stanley: What could he possibly know?
Angela: I knew something important was coming up, Todd.
Todd Packer: What could he possibly know?
Angela: He doesn't know.
Todd Packer: he knows.
Dwight: Guys! Five more minutes! Loser!
Angela: OK, that's five.
Angela: What, you're sad?
Kevin: Guys, finishers are in order!
Lawyer: I don't want anyone to get hurt!
Dwight: OK, everybody... Oh, what if he did hurt my precious card?
Lawyer: Please hold for learnerr...
Meredith: Shuffle up to your seat, please.
Toby: You're a lawyer, are you not?
Lawyer: I'm very sorry, I didn't mean to stir your pot.
Toby: What does it imply, that I wouldn't want you to go?
Angela: Trick. A horse, a cart, or a boat.
Toby: You're hauling coal, are you not?
Angela: Physician's prescription: Singular, Singular!
Dwight: Singular.
Lawyer: Oh, that sounds awful.
Dwight: Singular.
Dwight: Electricity, automatically seen in movie. 
Kevin: Uhty-Gut-It!
Jim: How about that? Would you like to take the tour?
Dwight: Kind of-
Jim: Do I like it? Do I like the product?
Business partner: We don't make these kind of long-distance calls.
Jim: Uhty-gee.
Dwight: How often towing, how many miles on the odometer?
Business partner: Uh, uh, you know what? We don't sell those kind of stats in the paper. 'Cause that information's lost to the corporate website, and all we can do is compare it to the real world, you know, in a way that's fair.
Jim: Great, well, if you guys didn't wanna dump the turtle, then certainly we wouldn't wanna.  Uhty boy?
Dwight: Tinker bale.

