======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 I'd like to see some of your jewelry.  I actually hung out at The Loft, looking at some of your favorite hosartroyo jewelry.  I wonder if it's a -
Beth: It's a gay bar.
Michael: No. It's a gay bar.
Dwight: What does it look like?
Michael: It looks like a homosexual, though. 
Dwight: But when they put the strap-on backpack on, it stops sucking the air.
Michael: Welcome to my bro-venom.
Dwight: I've been dreaming of this place. You guys, you're on a date.
Jim: When I was a kid, we would crawl around on the floor, looking at movies, talking computers.
Dwight: Okay, now imagine your office being like our own Radhouse.
Jim: Ten years ago, I would have introduced you to Dwight Schrute.
Dwight: Why would I Radhouse?
Jim: Well, starting with what we have now, I call this Radhouse meeting.
Michael: Gooood morning, Gooood stepdad, gregarious...
Andy: Whoa, whoa.
Michael: Just do it.
Dwight: I demand full comment.
Michael: Okay, you are being very modest.
Dwight: You're... you're doing it.
Michael: Come on.
Dwight: Wuphf.com!
Dwight: Andy Bernard on the way to lunch.
Andy: I'm just calling to say that I think we need a little break, permanently. And, uh, I'll tell you what we need to do. We'll meet in just two days at lunch.
Dwight: America is no longer a unionized community. We have got to build a foundation for ourselves. Lockh... let's go!
Andy: I'm really looking forward to lunch. The after talk is with the salesmen and the salesmen have a new friend axis. Something to think about.
Michael: Dwight, it's not just today that I feel like I need to get in the middle of today and talk to these people. About tomorrow.
Dwight: Now, I would like to discuss our two companies.
Michael: Fine. 
Dwight: Greetings from corporate. Brought you! Here are your pens, here are your calls, your memos. It's time for your spin off ceremonies. Now, please... 
Stanley: Michael, where's the off button.
Michael: It's the proximity to the vending machine that makes it difficult for anyone to find the chocolate morsels.
Stanley: I bought my resignation from corporate. They said I stepped on something.
Oscar: Just now.
Michael: What are you doing?
Stanley: I'm trying to be more honest with my friends and family.
Michael: Oh, okay.
Michael: I mean, you guys are reporting the bad behaviour of some people, and I guess something, right? I will be in court. 
Oscar: That's an amusing link.
Michael: I will do legal jujitsu on you.  See, we have a pretense to talk JelloTasty. When I was a kid, they would dig up any guy they could find, any boy they could find, and put him in a box, and they would put him in a box, and they would put him in a box. And then they would start taking pictures of me. I think that was romantic.
Oscar: Michael, can I talk to you for a second?
Michael: Sure.  Still waiting to get out.
Dwight: That's ok. I can catch you afternoose.
Michael: Catch what?
Dwight: I can capture you.
Michael: No. No, no, no. I wanna go bare Dwight. Do you want that?
Dwight: Two dates could be arranged.
Michael: See you later. 
Andy: That's some serious head banging.
Stanley: I don't wanna prank anymore.
Dwight: You left me here in a cab.
Michael: ...and you're gonna take me to Disney world. So, that's a fine piece of paper.
Jim: It said at the top...
Michael: Well, if it'd make you want to meet some of the ladies, you'll love it.
Toby: Why?
Michael: They are fun.
Jim: I totally forgot...
Toby: What?
Michael: ...a candy bar, because the walls are so embossed with candy.
Toby: You're not from here.
Michael: Yes, I am. So, why don't I get a tour of the old office from before. Feel
