======== SAMPLE 1 ========
:
Jim: That might surprise you. It is the first time I've ever used the word 'pert'. And it is the first time I've ever used it in a positive way. So it's great... it's... whatever... I might be thinking now.
Pam: Can't wait.
Jim: I'm not gonna say anything more about this job, okay? I have a lot of work to do.
Pam: But you have no discernible sense of boundaries, so you must have some sort of paper line transplant scheme.
Jim: Well know what, I'm just going to take it clothes off.
Pam: No, don't call me a clothesline.
Jim: Okay. Wear something more athletic.
Pam: Okay.
Jim: Yeah. How about a nice swimsuit.
Pam: Okay.
Jim: Your sweet skirt.
Pam: Okay.
Jim: All right, I will see you tomorrow.
Pam: Okay.
Pam: I did Ryan tell you that he thinks you're too small? And I don't really know if he's really mean, but I will say...
Michael: Hey, there he is. Plays with fire.
Jim: Oh.
Michael: Hey, thank you, Santa. That's-
Jim: Yeah, ah, Toby. That's awesome. Check that out.
Michael: Check it out. Toby, was that the Christmas party or something?
Toby: It was the Christmas party, actually.
Michael: Well, I, I don't know, I literally played that one up on me.
Jim: This is awesome.
Michael: I'm here. I can be anywhere.
Toby: It's a EMDP-40. The player which I like to play with fire. And I hit F.
Michael: It's not my call. I made a mistake. But, if it's a good one, you guys email me back and forth. Sometimes it's just a one-man joke. It's crazy.
Toby: I'm on it.
Michael: You're not going to laugh.
Toby: It's not a big deal. I'm just saying, if you're not into that sort of thing, you might not like Christmas.
Michael: That's my think.
Toby: Well, sometimes it makes more sense to laughter rather than to laughing.
Michael: Got it. Let's do this.
Toby: I'm really glad I'm doing this. I feel like I learned something.
Michael: Let's face it, most people aren't into Christmas. And they definitely say it's too boyish. And they're not interested in all of the funny things you can do in Christmas. They just want to know how to make it fun.
Toby: I wanted to let you that Michael is the funniest guy I've ever worked with. And I hope that I've shown you how well you did at Mister Teddy's.
Donna: Mmmhmmm.
Michael: Why did you come in here?
Donna: What's going on?
Michael: There's no one I'd rather have your eyes open than somebody I trust. And I have a lot of trouble finding someone I trust. And I have a son who looks just as he does on TV shows and movies. And I can't be anything but confident that he'll be a great father to my son. What a cushy job.
Donna: So, Michael was that guy you bought him?
Michael: Mm-mm. Yes, it was me. It was the salesman. And besides, I felt comfortable with my hands, and I played a little part in the adoption lottery that I winnowed.
Kevin: I guess it was easier than it was worth.
Dwight: And this was all just a way for you to show me favor.
Michael: Oh, was that alright with me?
Dwight: Yes.
Michael: You are welcome.
Dwight: It wasn't. But it is your job to clean house. And I am here to do just that.
Michael: Me no mi ambe donde do muy buena. Nice.
Dwight: No, no. You are being disrespectful.
Michael: Oh, mhmm.
Dwight: Or boo. I am here to do something very important.
Michael: Tell you what. I have decided that our relationship is not sexist, and instead we should treat each other just like the two of us.
Donna: Awesome.
Michael: So, um... would you prefer that I not say more, or that I think you consider me your friend?
Donna: What's up Donna?
Michael: All right. Cool. Okay. Cool.
Donna: Bye
