======== SAMPLE 1 ========
, which is pretty much all you need to know. But, I found out Erin's working on this documentary so I made sure she refresher... Okay, sorry. I put my old job in order from information that just doesn't exist anymore.  So, a man calls asking for his wife and he is told it is Jan. I believe he is referring to Mr. Scott. So, give him a call back saying that you are going to get his wife... Okay uh, sorry I didn't know about that. My credits are back.
Dwight: Hi Daryl. I need you to bring a copy of the documentary to work.
Michael: I hope that you're able to handle it.
Dwight: Itsonna Hilarious, I need you to bring da belschaah to the temp agency. You might hear some sort of gagging or burping, I don't care.
Michael: That's funny. That's really funny. The thing I like most about Dwight is that he is taking himself out on his own outside of work. You know, he is getting rewarded for his hard work.
Stanley: In an office, if you don't respect authority, you need people there watching you, not you.
Michael: authority, man.
Stanley: I'm a good employee, I get that, I'm a good man, let me be captain.
Michael: I'm the captain, not you.
Stanley: I don't respect you pretending to be my captain.
Michael: Okay, okay, I get that, you're screwed. Do you wanna just, uh, settle down, shake your head, please? Please?
Stanley: No, I'm not, I'm getting my PhD in business administration.
Michael: So while we are at it Michael and Dwight are nailing the chairs. I was just trying to, uh, get a feel for what it's like not to...
Dwight: I need a call.
Michael: Really?
Dwight: For like, exactly what I was, uh. 
Michael: No! You cannot be serious! You must be serious!
Dwight: Sorry, I've got a pretty good reason why you're having such a rough day Jim, okay? Ok, I'll--
Michael: No you must not talk about it in any way you'd like other than as is.
Dwight: If you would ever tell me I should, um, would wanna?
Michael: I would always tell you no, but it's in the genes. Alright, please?
Dwight: If you ever tell you that your mom is a super sensitive baby nut, please, please, please, please, don't do that.
Michael: She's my super sensitive baby.
Dwight: Thank you, Michael.
Michael: Ok, Dwight have a good trip. Good luck.
Jim: What are you doing?
Michael: I know you tried to kiss me. It's a strategy minority people use to their advantage.  One person coming to terms with their true race...
Jim: ...refutes all stereotypes and racial fears.
Michael: Humans are, like, really good at it. So, what are you up to? Don't judge other humans by the color of their skin, ok? You're doing a good job, Michael. You're doing a good job. You're on your last legs.
Jim: You're feeling down, right?
Michael: Yeah, I don't even want to talk about it. I mean,  Yes, I did let Wallace down and he did what? Ugh, that's not the worst thing in the world. I just-- I think is that you let Wallace down and he is a monster. You, you let Elin go get her life back and I, I feel for her, I feel for my wife. Yes, I understand. It's a bitter ending to an otherwise wonderful story, right?
Jim: You know what, I'm going to zone you out. I want to think about it--
Michael: I know what? No, I'm not going to!
Jim: Ok, I was thinking a little bit before you said that you wanted her to tell her story, but she's not doing that now.
Michael: Oh, you know what? My wife used to say that, when I was growing up, the only people who were interested in anything were the farmhands. And it wasn't until I moved out here and started selling pum or corn seeds that I started to see what was so wrong with her. And it was mostly wrong, but, I think, probably until I got to know her. And then, all of a sudden, she became everything. I once had a look-alike with forty hair-balls and all my shoulders were smaller than their shoulders.
Stanley
