======== SAMPLE 1 ========
.
Michael: Well, I think that it is time for me to go.
Jim: You gotta hear this.
Pam: Hey, Dwight, I have another job.
Dwight: Oh, that's okay, just take your third job.
Pam: OK.
Deangelo: Do you want to be my assistant?
Jim: Ha ha.
Deangelo: Ah, well thank you Michael, I don't think you need that much time.
Michael: OK, umm, is this... 
Deangelo: I don't know. OK, I'll call you later. 
Michael: Wait, wait, wait 
Michael: I just totally made it.
Dwight: Michael, you broke my heart. Do you realize what you sold me? That you couldn't even come up with that kind of crap? And you look like an animal. I can't even go near a animal anymore. I can't run amok. I can't sell anymore paper, and your paper. It's time for you to go.
Dwight: Wait, wait, wait, wait! It's your call. I never reviewed the offer.
Deangelo: Everyone, yes. Thank you. Thank you.
Dwight: I never review what people say, I just review it from the inside.
Michael: OK, listen, what I wanna do right now is do the right thing for everybody. I want to give you a call. From you. Because, right now, nobody wants to know why you gave it to them.
Deangelo: They didn't tell me not to check your e-mails, but I did. And they said something like, your company's not great. Well, maybe we were just a good idea. 
Michael: Everybody, we would like you to raise your hand if you would like to see Deangelo go to jail for an act of terrorism. 
Jordan: OK, I'll raise my hand. 
Michael: NO, nope, no.
Jordan: I would raise my hand if I thought that you were... 
Michael: NO, nope, no.
Jordan: I didn't say it like that.
Michael: Go get your jacket.
Michael: OK, zip your pants. There you go.
Jordan: I don't know how to explain this, so... 
Michael: Go get your car.
Jordan: OK, blood bags.
Michael: Blood bags?
Jordan: OK.
Michael: All right, all right. 
Deangelo: Soda.
Michael: Alright.
Pam: Good. Now, anybody?
Kevin: Pam?
Pam: Yeah, I'm here. I'll, uh, point to your face.  Dunder Mifflin. As we as a group owe it to ourselves and others to learn from this, why don't you just let us get back to work, you gang? Nice side note: Pam, you do have some speaking to do.
Jim: Do you have speaking to do?
Pam: Yeah, I think that you'd like to talk, huh?
Jim: Yeah.
Pam: As a group.
Jim: Nope, that's not how it works.
Pam: And you know what? Jim... you don't call your mom or dad, Pam and I will... but you mom and dad will go to your room and get you a fresh set of gardening clubs.
Jim: That's very...
Pam: Very good.
Jim: We'll go right into our office and I'll invite you on as a friend.
Pam: OK great.
Jim: Nice touch. 
Michael: Yeah, nobody cares about your co-ed bed.
DeAngelo: I'm actually... you know, when I saw those stains on yours... your shoes?
Michael: Oops, sorry about that. 
DeAngelo: I know! I know! It was me. I'll reprogram it.
Michael: Oh, sorry.
DeAngelo: You don't want to reprogram it that much, please.
Michael: Yeah, yeah I'll.
DeAngelo: I know, it's me. I'm sorry.  That's what you want me to do.
Michael: You reprogrammed it, didn't you Mike?
DeAngelo: Yeah, I did.
Michael: You know what? I'm going to reprogram it so that when my son's size goes up, so that he can play like a grownup.
Pam: So what did you think happened?
Angela: Reprogramming. Pretty normal morning. Just wish I had some inspiration.  No, I just had some really hard work today, and I'm not giving up. Right now I'm starting a band and I need you to find
