======== SAMPLE 1 ========
're going to go down to the warehouse tonight to... talk to my best friend inisted on her depression. I'm going to throw you this ball. It's about you and your friends. Everyone who stands in your way gets a point.  Okay?  You see, tonight is about you and my friends.
Michael: Everyone gets a point.  Why? Because if everyone else in the conversation gets a point, you never get a point.
Dwight: ...and I got you a bottle of rum, because you said so.
Michael: Because you don't like getting a point, you suck. Because we all have to put up a fight.
Dwight: Because you say so.
Michael: Because I do.
Dwight: Because you say so.
Michael: Because I do.
Dwight: Because you say so.
Michael: Because you say so.
Andy: Hello, Cece Halpert? forry,cece. I am so proud of you. guten tag. I have accomplished so much.
Andy: Yeah, well, I'm sure it's very acc-, you know, very impressive.
Michael: No, it's not, it's not, it's just a little bit different. I think it's very impressive.
Andy: Yeah, I think it kind of matters, because I was hoping to talk to you about it.
Michael: Yeah, well, you know what? It's nice to talk to you, too. I'm going to be in touch with you. Got you. Ok, bye.
Andy: Love you.
Michael: Love you too.
Dwight: Yippity-Ki 
Michael: What?
Dwight: That's japanese for chicken and japanese for cold.
Michael: OK.
Dwight: OK, I'm going to have you listen to this entire meeting, and you can either listen to me, or I am going to listen to you.
Michael: Good.
Dwight: The Japanese people do not just go around treating people like they're second-only to a third-generation human being. To understand what I'm saying, you have to understand that the word is used colloquially by both groups. It's as if they came from a different language.
Michael: I thought that you were going to hear me excited about the sale of Dunder Mifflin. Isn't that excited Rizzo?
Jim: Oh. Sounds a lot like Rizzo.
Dwight: Yeah, that's a play on words. Like, wow! More confidence. More attitude. More... Oh, my God! Someone's got a measles!
Jim: I didn't get a license to gamble. Instead, I gambled on a train.
Dwight: How would you like to hand these gigantic bull emeralds?
Jim: Fine. Just give me a few minutes to prepare.
Dwight: You ready?
Jim: Yeah.
Dwight: This is not a game. It's not a game of skill.
Jim: Alright.  Here we go. It's time for the final votes.
Everyone: Oh! 
Michael: Pam really started the fire.
Jim: Yeah.
Michael: She came on really hot.
Jim: Really?
Michael: She came on really hot, really bad.
Jim: You you, you are so fast.
Michael: I'm so worried about myself.
Jim: No, I'm not.
Michael: Don't be. I'm fine.
Jim: But you should know that I'm about to give her your voicemail.
Michael: That's fantastic. Congratulations, but what I really need from you is a presentation.
Jim: Basically, I was hoping that you would have some input into what you're going to be doing at Dunder Mifflin.
Michael: Thank you.
Jim: So, uh, will you be making some decisions about hiring people?
Michael: No, Jim, I haven't even thought about it.
Jim: OK, so will you be doing some decisions?
Michael: Nope, I haven't talked to him in a while.
Jim: Limo's coming, so can you make a decision?
Michael: Um, definitely. Jim still hasn't hired a female limousine.
Jim: Ah, you guys, well, it's interesting that you're making even a casual visit to the dump.
Michael: Zip it, Ryan. I gotta them.
Jim: Ah, they're late, so...
Michael: Yeah, well, I just might.
Jim: Ah, let's just wait. 
Michael: Oh, Ryan. I guess he thought you'd know.
Jim: What do you mean?
Michael: Like
