======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 can't get enough of it. 
Pete: So Andy, who's leading us out of this party?
Dwight: We have one in the supply.
Pete: Really?
Dwight: Mhmm.
Pete: I noticed you handing out some shekels. What do they count?
Dwight: Meat.
Pete: Did you mean meat from a pregnant woman?
Dwight: No. 
Pete: I mean, do you think that every slaughterhouse in America has a Shekels barber?
Dwight: I don't know. Not that I haven't tried Shekels, or any modern slaughterhouse equipment. But I can tell you one thing. I bet a lot of people in this room would be jealous if they saw their mom or dad bare some of their meat.
Angela: Can I please leave?
Pete: Yeah.
Angela: What size are you?
Pete: I'm sorry Angela.
Angela: I'm sorry. 'Cause we missed your mom. Mother she was still a little pissed.
Michael: Feelin' hot, hot, hot!  Feelin' hot, hot, hot! 
Pete: Feelin' hot, hot, hot! Feelin' hot, hot, hot!
Michael: Feelin' hot, hot, hot!
Pete: Feelin' hot, hot, hot!
Michael: Feelin' hot, hot, hot!
Pete: Ah, who's the bigger guy in the world?
Michael:ular-bah!
Pete: God, where's my knob?
Michael: Oh, you think that's a lock?
Pete: I'm sorry, I'm just trying to figure out how to best utilize everyone's smart phone.
Michael: Oh, you know what? Here's what we're going to do. Theoretically, we could send you down to the warehouse to get your important back issue taken care of.
Pete: Your phone?
Michael: Yeah, it is. Let me out.
Pete: Let me out.
Michael: Sure.
Pete: Let me out.
Michael: Okay.  Hey, what's up Pete?
Pete: I'm still in Philly, actually.
Jim: Ah, getting here.
Pete: Oh, great.
Jim: It's not that bad, actually. Ooh, right now, perfect. Uhhh, nail some music on the baler.
Pete: That skills guy Kurt is my old buddy. I know where he works.
Jim: Oh, I feelies there!
Pete: Oh my god!
Jim: We just need you to sign this so we know where we can keep our things.
Pete: Ok, 
Jim: Just kidding-
Pete: Great.
Andy: Well, I thought we could use this time to authorize some checks.
Darryl: This is the last day of our conference room breaks.
Andy: Yeah, I set the date and time point exactly, so...
Darryl: All right guys, check it off. Guys, I'm actually reading some of these guys and gosh, they're like 50. I don't even --
Andy: Send me the check.
Darryl: No, you won't. 
Andy: Yeah, I'll put it through. Here. 
Darryl: Don't make us all do this just to get high?
Andy: Guys, do you want to see a picture of Darryl with the Secretary?
Darryl: Yeah.
Andy: That would be hot. I would love to see some of thoseials.
Robert: Ladies and gentlemen, we have a limited number of seats left. So, please, if you have a question, you should ask the translator.
Pete: Ok.
Robert: When did the Order go to English?
Pete: Oh, they were given to us by our leader, the great-grandson.
Robert: The great-grandson.
Erin: Like a lesson in shame? No. He told me we were brothers.
Andy: Hey-o.
Robert: No, you embarrassed me recently. Where's Kevin?
Kevin: Oh, here.
Darryl: Huh? Come on. I'm Manuel, and I'm the -- oh!
Erin: Much different Kevin as you. Tall, right?  Well, thank you, Secret Santa.
Darryl: Thank you. So, Manuel, are you okay?
Jim: No, I'm just sitting here, on the engine room's porch, listening to the blanket calls of Christmas caroling.
Darryl: I am not going to be a
