======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 raise your taxes. This is stupid.
Todd Packer: I don't know if you believed that when I said that BainesianTopics:Big-ole-sausages?
Angela: Thank you.
Todd Packer: Hey, those are the dogs?
Angela: Yes, they're in that commercial.
Todd Packer: When they get to Florida, they go to my slaughter house for the pig over there.
Angela: And your stomach for the hog?
Todd Packer: I don't know. That's disgusting.
Dwight: Could you swing by my office for a minute?
Jim: Oh, maybe for you?
Dwight: 'Cause I can help you.
Jim: Perfect.
Dwight: Jim does what Michael does, nothing beats the ancient ways of the ancient Atlesians.
Jim: Whoa. Where do they practice?
Michael: Legends. Listen, tell me something it would be wrong to tell you now.
Jim: Um, history.
Michael: American history.
Jim: Listen, they kept their...
Michael: No, that's a myth. The men went out there, and they went to great pains, and some of them actually fought for it.
Jim: So, dismissing...
Michael: No, uh, dismissing it. Um, I don't know, looking past the really good stuff. I mean, they struck gold when they went on to have fun and they showed us...  Hey everybody it's not a competition, so...
Oscar: Jim what are you doing?
Jim: What are you doing?
Michael: Little competitions where you advance to the top and then you advance to the bottom.
Jim: Why are you telling us this?
Michael: Because, um, we don't need to follow you there Jimbo.
Jim: Because you already have.
Michael: Well, why don't you just elevator up? I didn't have all the pieces yet. Are you guys ready?
Michael: We're not ready.
Michael: You know what, this is just a friendly game, alright? We're just going to play some song, and then you take it away from here.
Pam: Michael, this is really rude.
Michael: I don't like your attitude, I really don't like your friend game.
Dwight: We have an HR rep there , Jim. If you drop the ball really hard, you can win big.
Michael: How can I help you?
Jim: You have to put out, like half an hour, every day?edo put out if you don't know if it's okay.
Michael: You know what, guys? You know what? You're just being selfish, and you're just lazy.
Jim: Did you say lazy?
Michael: I meant lazy.
Jim: lazy I mean, I hate it.
Michael: I hate it sometimes. But, honestly, I prefer to think of it as more of a face-painting, and a little bit of comedy. And I'm glad you're here. Don't think I'm qualified for that.
Jim: I really think I should be there.
Michael: No, because you're not coming back as your boss.
Jim: Oh, come on.
Michael: Pam, after my presentation, the meeting got a little confusing, so I had to leave.
Pam: Oh, Michael.
Michael: And, okay, it's good to see you.
Michael: The Michael Scott Paper Company is truly wonderful, but it's been a bunch of liars, liars with a problem and  incompetence. 
Stanley: So much happening. Nobody knows what's going on. We're just here to sell paper.
Meredith: Hey, so all that really changes is that B.J. is firing the bad guy on the way back.
Michael: That's not gonna happen.
Kevin: Hey, the Scranton branch is closing and everybody's just packing up their stuff.
Michael: I know, Kevin. I know. Asking for all of your friends and family to come and visit you during my funeral. That's what I was thinking.
Michael: That's not gonna happen.
Dwight: I know, Michael.
Michael: No it, it's not. If it was, you'd be the legal guardian. Kid took a bath with me in the car tonight. I was living in your fantasy.
Dwight: Baby daddy, I am moving to Connecticut to start my own company.
Michael: No, I don't need your help. I have some great ideas.
Dwight: I'm sorry, Mr. O'Malley. I really don't wanna talk about this.
Michael: Well, that's because you're no longer looking
