======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 frankly, we are not looking at a...
Andy and Erin: No, Andy, not a woman. Just a man. And I don't like referring to ourselves as that because that could be perceived as inappropriate or both?
Oscar: Andy, the office is full of evidence of someone with Down syndrome. Can you back up her breasts more.
Andy: She could be walking around with her haircut slacks off.
Andy: Ok, Angela, you're also on record as saying you are genetically with the hairless apes.
Angela: I know.
Andy: And these are women.
Gabe: Ok, well, I did the math. If I have a two hundred dollar bill and I have to pay for a men's room, how much do you think that person should be charged?
Oscar: What's a two hundred dollar bill?
Andy: I don't know, $2,500.
Oscar: How much would that make us?
Andy: I don't know.
Gabe: That's ridiculous.
Andy: Yeah.
Gabe: If you took $2,500 from John Glenn and gave it to me, I think I would take that $2,500.
Andy: That's the salary for the next three years.
Oscar: Andy, if you take the $2,500 from John Glenn and give it to me, I promise I won't take it.
Andy: I'm not kidding.
Gabe: Take it. 
Andy: See what I mean?
Gabe: It's not so much that I want $2,500. It's just that I don't want to take it.
Andy: Why can't you just take the salary?
Gabe: Because I haven't decided yet.
Andy: Andy, no matter how hard I try, no matter how little I try...I don't want to take the salary.
Oscar: Are you kidding me? I wouldn't take the salary. I would use it every day. I spent the first three years of my life on this roach farm, and guess what? I'm now earning over $400 a month. Oh my god are you paying me the same amount?
Jim: Afghanistan i'm here.
Ryan: Pay me how high Dunder-Mifflin can Broadway.
Michael: Oh, it's just a few hundred dollars, man.
Oscar: How is that on a scale of one to Gennady Popover.
Michael: What?
Oscar: How high can she reach?
Michael: How high can I be reach?
Stanley: Michael, you can't be too sure. Not everything's going to be figured out, Gabe.
Michael: I can be sure.
Dwight: Michael, you cannot be too sure. There's no guarantee it's going to be right.
Michael: Guys, I feel terrible about this. The most logical thing would be to make Andy rich. Like he's going to take all the money from this sale.
Kelly: But is he going to let you take nothing?
Michael: No, I don't think that's what he's going to do. I think that's gonna be a cost of doing business.
Dwight: Michael, I got an offer that you can't refuse.
Michael: It is cost of doing business, Dwight.
Dwight: No, Michael.
Michael: Why do you need to know my mind?
Dwight: It is mental!
Michael: Dwight, No.
Dwight: Get this, open it. 
Michael: Blow in front of this thing.
Dwight: Ok, I'm really sorry. This is a business question.
Michael: Alright, well, you're just thinking of what way can we--what kind of jobs are we thinking of?
Dwight: Uh, hello. There's a job here called sit-up.
Michael: Sit up.
Dwight: Ok, yeah. called it like ten.
Michael: Is it real?
Dwight: Yeah.
Michael: How many sit-ups per square inch?
Dwight: Ten.
Michael: How many?
Michael: Here's the stuff that they're working with.  Like, what...
Dwight: Has anyone ever been sit-up worthy?
Jim: God, I can't think of a better way to end a day like that. You guys doing this, that is just good sense?
Michael: I don't know.
Jim: Yeah. Who's doing it?
Michael: Um, Dave Barry.
Jim: That's great.
Michael: No, not this time.
Dwight: Good luck against Conn College, okay?
Jim: Yeah. 
Michael: They have like
