======== SAMPLE 1 ========
:
Ryan: And you think we're devils.
Dwight: Ahh!
Ryan: Because I gave you an Arrowhead for Christmas, and you zeroed in on the zero, and then zeroed in on the zeroed in on us, and then Zero zeroed in on the zero and then on on on on...
Dwight: One...zero!
Ryan: You know, you can take that feeling of real danger and turn it into real joy.
Dwight: Let's take a whack at the car and crash it into the ground.
Jim: Hey, aren't we going to take a whack at the car?
Michael: Yeah.
Jim: And the song would've busted, and I---
Michael: I'm just saying, yeah, I can't find the melody.
Jim: And the song would've busted.
Michael: And then we'd both blow it off for lunch.
Jim: Wait a minute, you're saying you can't find the melody in the song?
Michael: I, uh... I could come in and sing the song, but I would... have to take time off.
Jim: Let's give Michael another chance. What do you have in mind for me, specifically, for you to do when you come into your office?
Michael: To not let Jan know that you're caring for her. And to just let her know that you care, that you care, that you care.
Jim: Are you sure about that?
Michael: Yep, yeah.
Jim: It's just, it's the, the spirit of Christmas, that's what it's all about.
Michael: It's so true, it's so true. I can't help but think...
Jim: What's in here?
Michael: Oh, sweetie, trust something.
Jim: Just a wish, like a charm.
Michael: It would be nice if we could have stickers, if you don't mind your own t.
Jim: Yeah, what would you say, to Jan?
Michael: Just give it up for Christian. I'm going to take it.
Creed: Hey, hey, hey, it's me.
Michael: That's me. So who do you think would be best off?
Pam: Hmm? Honest...
Michael: Pam, I have some bad news. She has somehow fallen off a little shelf.
Pam: Yes. There, there.
Michael: Oh my God. What are you so excited about?
Pam: Well, you can take her to a doctor, you can a turtle,  a bird, a lion, a snake, a mongoose. Where do you get these things?
Michael: I have no idea.
Meredith: I don't want to do 'em. I don't want to do 'em.
Michael: All right, all right. Okay. Pam, come on. Let's go.
Jim: Hey, Jan. Do you have any news for us yet?
Jan: I'm in labor.
Michael: Good.
Jan: I've been in labor for about five minutes.
Michael: Good!
Jan: You came in for labor too.
Michael: Good! Great to have you in the office.
Michael: Alright, David Wallace will be sitting.
Jan: Oh, sorry. Sorry. I had some pretty dramatic awareness, you know? Um, but I'll also be doing a video on the floor in the second story.
Michael: Yeah, right. That'd work. Very good.
Jan: And there will also be matte artwork printed on the walls.
Michael: So we don't misbehave.
Jan: About 30 seconds of this?
Michael: Yeah, exactly. I think it'll take one look and... uh, I don't know, I don't know, we'll figure out some illustrations. First story, we have Angela, the stupid bean-cider, sitting behind a beet. Yeah, and there will be blood. And uh, it'll allude to the beet being poisoned by Jan.
Michael: Hey, Jan. I just thought, uh, there should be an eight-color version of the Amazing Spider-Man? Black and white.
Jan: Michael, would you do that?
Michael: I can't.
Jan: God, don't wait. Do you have the poster for the thing?
Michael: This thing is just... okay. I can't wait to do the movie. Um, the thing has to have two heroes and a supporting actor. I might be a girl, but I can't... I can't do cross-dressing.
Jan: I wouldn't be considered a boy.
Michael: What? You... you're a girl.
Jan: Michael, come on.

