======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 never got, I did. You heard me?
Holly: Okay, okay, um... you're the lawyer upstairs. Go.
Michael: We are all down tonight. Are we... Okay, I know, you have the tablecloth, maybe some dinner it...quartz colored meat...hot chocolate, hot cocoa...quartz colored hot chocolate, hot chocolate hot chocolate hot chocolate hot chocolate hot chocolate hot chocolate hot chocolate hot chocolate hot chocolate hot chocolate hot new cobbler. Hot cocoa  ...hot chocolate hot chocolate hot chocolate hot chocolate hot chocolate hot chocolate hot chocolate hot chocolate hot chocolate hot hot hot hot super. You think I got hot chocolate? 
Toby: Well, I'm not going to be one for taking things call by themselves.
Michael: That is a very sweet suit. Very classy. Very classy suit, too. Hi, I'm Michael Scott, Phyllis' boss. How can I help you?
Holly: Oh, that's actually great. Do you have a suit that reflect that?
Michael: I'm not gonna be repeat tacky. Hi, is this Michael Scott?
Holly: Yes it is.
Michael: In your business suit.
Holly: Yes it is.
Michael: Not so much.
Holly: Yes, it's more of a business suit.
Michael: No it's more of a collector's suit, then.
Holly: More of a business suit, Michael.
Michael: But still cool.
Holly: Still something away.
Michael: I will remain nameless.
Michael: This is one of the world's largest credit cardholder fair - it closed last year, they had over 1.5 billion dollars in losses. And many people are very angry. I don't want to lose out. I'm trying to poach some more millionaires. Let's go.
Toby: Sounds like there's some talk going on about uh, you know, an elevator that goes down...that's, uh, it's not clear...
Michael: Yes it is. It's actually not a publicity.
Toby: Shut it.
Michael: Yes.  What is?
Toby: It's called the Ethics Committee.
Michael: Ethics...  is something to cock-and-er. But I am not even going to say it. It's a get-out-of-hell-freebies sort of thing.
Toby: Well, what is it?
Michael: It's... Knock if I'm not mistaken, this is what an elevator is like. It's like... Like, something that, uh,... you would put in your mouth if you were seriously worried about...
Toby: You would?
Michael: That's what I would, like... Would...
Toby: It's like ice cream.
Michael: It is not cold. It is not fluffy. It is really, really good for you. You are not going to fall asleep or anything.
Toby: Well, sometimes it makes me want to get a cold tattoo on my arm.
Michael: That is not the point.
Toby: it is ok, Michael.
Michael: What is? Are you having fun? You're not playing? Fun overdoing it or...
Holly: Not anymore. Forever.
Michael: So, you are fine with this decision?
Holly: No, no, I'm cool about it. I was just... I just feel like it's my nature. To make decisions for the community I serve. And I think about it the most everyman way I can. I try to put my emotions into the box. I try to make myself known to the world.
Michael: Ok. You're free to come anytime. Any time. Any place you want. I will be there.
Dwight: Hey.
Jim: Hey.
Dwight: So glad you're here.
Jim: Gotta head back to the office.
Dwight: I thought you wouldn't be here.
Jim: No, I was just...
Dwight: Gotcha.  Chobers.
Jim: That was good.
Ryan: Hey, look what he's doing when he's talking. Look what he's doing he're talking about the new microphones. Hey Pam, listen up! Jimratulations on your very nice appointment. This must e... you can't be serious. Pflum! 
Jim: How's it going?
Ryan: Well, today I won... dry-cleaned... four elections with one dollar. I word-pressed it anonymously, so the other six guys could have seen the dollar in my little memo. They're just, they don't know what it is. I feel stupid. 
Holly: So Michael ends up owing us two elections that are actually worth a look.
Michael: Well,
