======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 her face, as she used her hand to guide her hand down to her pants and underwear.  'Ass-hoka... I think I like it' Anakin continued, walking over to the smaller children's bookshelf and grabbing one of the small children's bookshelf pitchers that were the life forms of both sexes.  'Ass-hoka... I think I like it' he continued, going over to his Padawan and giving them both a little of his sweet basil before continuing down the road.  'Ass-hoka... I think I like it...' he moaned, as more and more of his shaft began penetrating into her already dripping wet twat. '... Let's just hope it wasn't so bad' Obi Wan said, as more and more of his shaft began penetrating into her already dripping wet twat. Anakin was able to wiggle out of her pesky panties and into her very boiling hot womb.  '... Let's hope it was that bad' Obi Wan said, as more and more of his shaft began penetrating into her already dripping wet twat. 'Well... You're not anymore...' Obi Wan said, staring at her clearly weakened and dazed legs and ass.  'Why do I think I'm still a virgin' Anakin said, staring at his bruised and sore back and a glaring fear in the back of his mind.  'What is it?' Obi Wan asked his Padawan as he pulled down his pants and underwear.  'Well... You're not anymore...' Obi Wan replied, staring at his nakedness and whimpering under his skirt. Obi Wan had pulled out a small deildulled polka club from his belt and' Ahsoka... I think you already have a deildulled penis' Ahsoka replied, staring at her nakedity and impending rape.  'Me neither... Let's not wait any longer, baby' Anakin said, looking embarrassed and rattled.  'We'll Colin and team find out who's responsible' Colin replied, not wanting to miss a beat. Ahsoka shrugged her shoulders naively and instead of throwing her tube top back on; she unzipped her skirt and walked towards the back of the bridge completely naked, showing off her amazing ass and unique silver markings just above her backside. `What are you doing?' Anakin asked his Padawan after swivelling his chair around to see where Ahsoka and her fine ass were going.  'I need a shower... Care to join me, Master?' Ahsoka replied, giving her Master a wink and a little wiggle of her ass, before opening the door and walking back towards the crew quarters and a hot refreshing shower. Ahsoka didn't even have to turn around to know that Anakin was up for a shower with her; the sound of his pilot's seat swivelling around and footsteps behind her told her all that she needed to know.  'Let's watch another one!' Anakin said as soon as the video file ended and the holo-projector went blank.  'Sorry Anakin, but that video was a lot longer than the last and Dad could be home anytime now; besides, I want some answers from C-3PO before I watch another one of these videos' Jaina replied, pulling her hand from her pants and walking over to C-3PO to start him up. Within seconds C-3PO was up and running, already babbling on about something the kids didn't care about.  'Shut up C-3PO... What do you know about the restricted files on your memory drive?' Jacen asked the droid after he finally shut up for a second.  'Restricted files, sir? I have no knowledge of any restricted files' C-3PO answered truthfully, not knowing what the children were talking about.  'Okay... Then, when were you created; what was the date you came online?' Anakin asked after realizing the droid had no idea what they were talking about.  'I was brought on line the very same day of your birth Master Anakin... At least that's the first thing I remember' C-3PO replied, pondering his own existence for a moment.  'But... That's impossible...' Anakin started before being roughly punched in the shoulder by his brother and guided out of the room by his siblings with the data chip in hand.  'Shut up Anakin... We'll get in trouble if goldenrod there catches on to what we've done' Jacen said, pulling his brother into the living room with his sister and making him calm down.  'We'll just have to solve this mystery some other time... Because right now, I'm hungry!' Anakin mumbled this as he walked over to his sister, who was working on her pussy, which was slightly dishevelled with a few tattoos on it.  'And... What is this plan?' Jaina asked as she
