======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 of the best armoured and fortified her in her entire life.  'Yes Ass-hoka, quite a thrilling performance...' Obi Wan responded, purposefully emphasizing the word 'ass' in Ahsoka's name in order to let her know that he'd seen her sweet buns several times throughout the battle. 'I'll rendezvous back with you two on Coruscant for our debrief at the Jedi Temple... You and Ahsoka take your ship straight back... I'll mop things up here and see you there within a couple of days' Obi Wan ordered Anakin and Ahsoka.  'Did he call me Ass-hoka, Master?' Ahsoka asked Anakin with a giggle in spite of herself.  'Ass-hoka... I think I like it' Anakin said with a smile while he and his Padawan began their walk back to the ship they had arrived in. Although not the fastest or most manoeuvrable craft Anakin had ever piloted, it was one of the better armoured and smoother flyers. For being such an ugly ship on the outside; with a long fixed wing on one side and a smaller one on the other, the ship was quite large and comfortable in the inside; perfect for the long trips that Anakin often had to take.  'How the hell did C-3PO get all this footage; even if he somehow tapped into all the video recorders around Grandpa Anakin, there would be no way they could get all these angles' Jaina said with confusion on her face. 'We definitely have to talk with C-3PO after this video is over... Right Jacen... Anakin?' she continued, looking over at her brothers, whose eyes were still transfixed on the figure of Ahsoka Tano.  'What... Yeah ... Sure... Now shut up!' Jacen said, staring at the holovid, just as Ahsoka walked up the boarding plank to her ship, revealing once again her supple orange teenage ass.  'This is exactly why Mom and Dad restrict the HoloNet from you two... Pervs'  Once Ahsoka and Anakin finally entered the ship and closed the hatches, they made their way to the bridge, where they started the engines and took off; beginning their long road back to Coruscant.  'So Ahsoka... How are you feeling now' Anakin asked his Padawan as they settled into their pilot's chairs. He was of course referring to The Urge that Ahsoka and all Togruta's of her age had to deal with.  'Just a little better, Master... It never really goes away and it's almost impossible to satisfy' Ahsoka said with a grin on her face as she moved her fingers towards her skirt.  'Well... You know... There's no reason for you to suffer... We do have an entire day before we make it back to Coruscant... I could... You know... Help with your problem again' Anakin said with a sly smile on his face as his eyes became transfixed on Ahsoka's long white leg stockings and her hand slowly moving underneath her skirt. Not even his wife Padme had tasted so good when he had licked her pussy last and although Anakin loved Padme, he just somehow knew that Ahsoka's pussy would be the best thing he would ever taste.  'I was thinking the same thing Master!' Ahsoka replied with a grin and before Anakin could move or say anything, Ahsoka was on her feet and pulling off her small tube top to reveal her perky little breasts and those delectable nipples that Anakin hadn't had the pleasure to suck on so far. He wasn't going to let that opportunity pass him by again and as Ahsoka straddled Anakin's lap while he remained sitting in the pilot's chair, he took one of her small hard nipples into his mouth and sucked on it. Ahsoka moaned out in pleasure as her hands moved down to his waist and unzipped his pants again. Anakin was able to wiggle out of his pesky pants while Ahsoka continued to grind up and down on his lap and play with his hardening cock. 'Fuck... That feels good Master!' groaned Ahsoka as Anakin slapped and squeezed her supple teenage ass while continuing to suckle on both of her beautiful little nipples. 'I can't wait for you to be inside me, Master'  'Me neither... Let's not wait any longer, baby' Anakin moaned, lifting her high up onto his waist while he used his hand to guide his eight inch hard shaft towards her already dripping wet twat. 'Are you ready, Ass-hoka?' He jested, as the tip of his cock rubbed up and down her soft folds, causing her to moan even louder in anticipation for penetration.  'I've been waiting all my life for
