======== SAMPLE 1 ========
akin had been having... What did he mean by that girls had been having?' Obi Wan asked as they used binoculars to spy on the fort along with a few other clone troopers.  'We use the heavy artillery to create a creeping barrage up to walls, where me, you and Ahsoka split up from the clone troopers, scale the walls, plant explosives and escape while the troopers create a diversion at the gate' Anakin said, looking impressed with himself for coming up with such a great plan.  'Sounds like a good plan my old Padawan... Let's just hope it works as well as it sounds' Obi Wan replied as he put down his binoculars and prepared himself for the assault. Ten minutes later, the clone troopers and the heavy artillery were set up and ready to create the barrage and diversion. Starting out with the artillery, a covering fire was established in front of the clone troopers and the three Jedi warriors. Using the artillery barrage as a blanket of cover, the assault team made it to the wall with little resistance and no casualties. While the artillery began assaulting the main base and drawing off attention from the main assault force, the clone troopers split from the Jedi and began their attack on the main gate. Using that as a diversion the three Jedi, led by Anakin, found a low section of the wall and got ready to climb the barricade and enter the fortified base.  'Go ahead Anakin, then Ahsoka and myself' Obi Wan said, turning his back to Anakin and Ahsoka to guard their backs while they climbed the wall.  'Ah... Master... Maybe I should go last' Ahsoka replied, looking embarrassed and rattled. Only a few minutes earlier she and Anakin had given into their basest desires and in the process of sucking his cock and having her pussy eaten out to perfection, she had somehow lost her panties. Because she was wearing only a small skirt, every time she jumped, flipped or even got caught in a gust of wind, her tight pussy and round ass would be completely visible. If she went second up the wall with Master Obi Wan helping her up, he'd get a clear view of both her delectable assets.  'Nonsense Ahsoka, you'll need my help to get up the wall' Obi Wan said as Anakin used his force talents to easily scale the wall all by himself.  'Dammit' Ahsoka said to herself, as she got ready to scale the wall. Ahsoka had always greatly respected Master Kenobi and she didn't want him to think her some kind of improper teenage slut for not wearing any panties when going into battle. Obi Wan turned around just as Ahsoka started to run up the side of the wall and using the force to help push her upwards into Anakin's waiting arms.  'Huh...' Obi Wan said to himself after swearing he saw something that couldn't be. 'Did she have any panties on?' he said to himself as he stroked his beard and remembered back to when he used the force to push her up the wall. He clearly remembered a firm toned ass and the slightest glimpse of a tight bald teenage pussy. Obi Wan felt a small twinge in his groin before refocusing himself and scaling the wall with ease. He looked over at Ahsoka and immediately knew that what he had seen was true; the look on her face told the entire sorry.  'Okay... Let's go' Anakin said after looking around the base and taking in what would surely be a very difficult task. He smirked once for good measure, knowing for certain that Obi Wan got a clear view of Ahsoka's sweet snatch. It had been him who had stolen her panties after their little foray in the dilapidated building. He had stolen the underwear all for the sake of glorying in the fact that it had been him who had gotten into her panties first.  The assault on the base was fraught with both danger and difficulty; the three Jedi had to destroy several hundred battle droids before finally planting the last of the charges and exiting through the main gate where the clone troopers were putting up a valiant stand. Only thirty troopers remained, but they were still fighting as hard as they could. Anakin, Ahsoka and Obi Wan exited the base, followed swiftly by the clones, just before the charges were detonated and the entire base was engulfed in flames and explosions. Although the mission had been a complete success, Ahsoka knew that she had exposed herself on several occasions during the fight; flipping, jumping and somersaulting around, letting both her Master and Obi Wan get a good few looks at her bald twat and perfectly shaped supple ass.  'Nice work out there Snips... I think you even impressed Obi Wan with that little exhibition!' Anakin told his Padawan with a smile on his face, knowing full well that like him, Obi Wan had seen up her skirt on several occasions during the assault.  'Yes Ass-h
