======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 dripping in the process for being called by her pet name, Ass-hoka. Having never been penetrated in her short life, Ahsoka's pussy was perhaps the tightest thing Anakin had ever experience as he slowly let Ahsoka slide down his waist and onto his hardened shaft.  'Fuck... You're so tight!' Anakin grunted as only the tip of his cock was able to make it past her tight slit. 'I bet you're still a virgin too, aren't you' he continued as more and more of his shaft began penetrating her until it was rubbing up against her previously untouched hymen. 'Well... You're not anymore...' he shouted, slamming his hips upwards with Ahsoka screaming in agony. With her innocence now his and a small trickle of blood rolling down his throbbing cock, Anakin began to slowly ease more and more of his eight inches into her tight cunt until Ahsoka nearly blacked out.  'Master... I think I'm gonna cum!' Ahsoka screamed out in both pain and pleasure as her body shook and a trembling ran through her, until once again her pussy exploded in orgasm, drenching Anakin's cock with a fresh quantity of her sweet Togruta nectar.  'Grandpa was a player' Anakin said out loud with his hand in his pants, trying to hold back what was surely a losing battle.  'This is the hottest thing I've ever seen!' Jaina exclaimed seconds later with her hand also down her pants massaging her fifteen year old tight pussy, trying her hardest to match the rhythm her late grandfather was now keeping with his sexy little Padawan. She could only imagine what it would feel like to have something so big inside her.  'Shut up you two... Let's keep watching!' Jacen said angrily, before turning up the volume and settling back down in his seat, very interested and turned on by the sight in front of him.  Ahsoka was nearly in tears from going through such a powerful orgasm while Anakin didn't miss a beat; continuing to move more and more of his shaft inside her until soon he was balls deep in Ahsoka's tight snatch.  'It feels so good Master... I think I'm gonna cum again!' Ahsoka screamed only five minutes later. Anakin had kicked it into overdrive after Ahsoka warm juices had covered his shaft and balls the first time and now that her pussy was clenching his cock again, his own need for release was beginning to overpower his better judgement.  'I'm gonna cum too Ass-hoka!' Anakin groaned, grabbing and squeezing Ahsoka's tight ass and biting down on her left nipple. 'Unghhh... Ahhhh... Ummmm...!' Anakin and Ahsoka grunted together as both were driven over the edge. Ahsoka's pussy clamped down on Anakin's full eight inches just as Anakin thrust upwards to get as deep into her as possible. As Ahsoka's juices once again splashed onto Anakin's lap, Anakin's cock began to swell and within seconds was spewing a very large load of Jedi seed into Ahsoka's teenage womb.  'It's hot... It's hot!' Ahsoka moaned, as she felt Anakin's hot sticky cum being fired into her pussy with stream after stream of his powerful and potent Jedi semen being planted deep into Ahsoka's teenage womb. Not thinking of the possible consequences, Anakin squeezed Ahsoka tight to his body and shot the last of his cum into her just as she finally started coming down from her own orgasm. 'Mmmmm... Master... You filled me right up!' Ahsoka moaned as she got off of Anakin's lap and looked down at her pussy. A thin stream of his semen was leaking from her pussy and slowly rolling down her orange thigh and onto her white leggings.  'I probably shouldn't have cum inside you Ass-hoka' Anakin sighed, breathing hard and trying to catch his breath after such a fantastic workout.  'Why?' Ahsoka responded innocently, not fully understanding the possible consequences of having so much potent seed being planted deep inside her teenage pussy.  'Oh... No reason... Don't you even worry about it' Anakin replied, not wanting to worry his young Padawan with a fairly unlikely possibility. Ahsoka shrugged her shoulders naively and instead of throwing her tube top back on; she unzipped her skirt and walked towards the back of the bridge completely naked, showing off her amazing ass and unique silver markings just above her backside. `What are you doing?' Anakin asked his Padawan after swivelling his chair around to see where Ahsoka and her fine ass were going.  'I need a shower... Care to join me, Master?' Ahsoka replied, giving her Master a wink and a little wiggle of her ass, before opening the
