======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 hot panties back at home.  'So Ahsoka... How are you feeling now' Anakin asked his Padawan as they settled into their pilot's chairs. He was of course referring to The Urge that Ahsoka and all Togruta's of her age had to deal with.  'Just a little better, Master... It never really goes away and it's almost impossible to satisfy' Ahsoka said with a grin on her face as she moved her fingers towards her skirt.  'Well... You know... There's no reason for you to suffer... We do have an entire day before we make it back to Coruscant... I could... You know... Help with your problem again' Anakin said with a sly smile on his face as his eyes became transfixed on Ahsoka's long white leg stockings and her hand slowly moving underneath her skirt. Not even his wife Padme had tasted so good when he had licked her pussy last and although Anakin loved Padme, he just somehow knew that Ahsoka's pussy would be the best thing he would ever taste.  'I was thinking the same thing Master!' Ahsoka replied with a grin and before Anakin could move or say anything, Ahsoka was on her feet and pulling off her small tube top to reveal her perky little breasts and those delectable nipples that Anakin hadn't had the pleasure to suck on so far. He wasn't going to let that opportunity pass him by again and as Ahsoka straddled Anakin's lap while he remained sitting in the pilot's chair, he took one of her small hard nipples into his mouth and sucked on it. Ahsoka moaned out in pleasure as her hands moved down to his waist and unzipped his pants again. Anakin was able to wiggle out of his pesky pants while Ahsoka continued to grind up and down on his lap and play with his hardening cock. 'Fuck... That feels good Master!' groaned Ahsoka as Anakin slapped and squeezed her supple teenage ass while continuing to suckle on both of her beautiful little nipples. 'I can't wait for you to be inside me, Master'  'Me neither... Let's not wait any longer, baby' Anakin moaned, lifting her high up onto his waist while he used his hand to guide his eight inch hard shaft towards her already dripping wet twat. 'Are you ready, Ass-hoka?' He jested, as the tip of his cock rubbed up and down her soft folds, causing her to moan even louder in anticipation for penetration.  'I've been waiting all my life for this!' Ahsoka moaned back, giggling in the process for being called by her pet name, Ass-hoka. Having never been penetrated in her short life, Ahsoka's pussy was perhaps the tightest thing Anakin had ever experience as he slowly let Ahsoka slide down his waist and onto his hardened shaft.  'Fuck... You're so tight!' Anakin grunted as only the tip of his cock was able to make it past her tight slit. 'I bet you're still a virgin too, aren't you' he continued as more and more of his shaft began penetrating her until it was rubbing up against her previously untouched hymen. 'Well... You're not anymore...' he shouted, slamming his hips upwards with Ahsoka screaming in agony. With her innocence now his and a small trickle of blood rolling down his throbbing cock, Anakin began to slowly ease more and more of his eight inches into her tight cunt until Ahsoka nearly blacked out.  'Master... I think I'm gonna cum!' Ahsoka screamed out in both pain and pleasure as her body shook and a trembling ran through her, until once again her pussy exploded in orgasm, drenching Anakin's cock with a fresh quantity of her sweet Togruta nectar.  'Grandpa was a player' Anakin said out loud with his hand in his pants, trying to hold back what was surely a losing battle.  'This is the hottest thing I've ever seen!' Jaina exclaimed seconds later with her hand also down her pants massaging her fifteen year old tight pussy, trying her hardest to match the rhythm her late grandfather was now keeping with his sexy little Padawan. She could only imagine what it would feel like to have something so big inside her.  'Shut up you two... Let's keep watching!' Jacen said angrily, before turning up the volume and settling back down in his seat, very interested and turned on by the sight in front of him.  Ahsoka was nearly in tears from going through such a powerful orgasm while Anakin didn't miss a beat; continuing to move more and more of his shaft inside her until soon he was balls deep in Ahsoka's tight snatch.  'It feels so good Master... I think I'm gonna cum again
