======== SAMPLE 1 ========
...... He's back at docking bay, still working on the Falcon... I just came back to find that console I was working on last night. I know I left it here somewhere...' Han Solo replied, digging through the cushions to find the tiny console which could mean flight or folly when it came to the venerable Millennium Falcon.  'We'll help you find it, Dad' said Jaina as she and Anakin used their telekinetic Jedi powers to levitate every cushion in the room until their Father finally found the device.  'Thanks kids... I definitely won't be home for dinner though, so you'll be on your own tonight... See ya' Han said before exiting the room and then the Solo home.  'So Jaina... How about we watch another one of those videos...?' Anakin asked his sister, looking anxious to watch another historical holovid the three siblings had stolen from C-3PO's restricted files.  'Fine... Go get Jacen and meet me down in the holo-projector room' Jaina replied, also wanting to see what else the files contained.  While Anakin went to get her twin brother, Jaina went back down to the projector room to find C-3PO. Not wanting the droid to report back to their mother or father that they had stolen from his restricted memory files or that they had been watching inappropriate movies, Jaina found the droid and before C-3PO could even utter a single word, she had him shut down again.  Two minutes later, after pulling Jacen out of his room looking sweaty and dishevelled, the two brothers met their sister down in the projector room where they got comfy to watch another instalment of the true untold history of the Old Republic.  'Start it already!' Anakin demanded of his sister as she put the data chip into the projector before sitting back down.  'Are you prepared for the assault Anakin... ?' Obi Wan Kenobi asked his old Padawan as they looked out at the Separatist droid and supply fort only a few hundred metres away. Obi Wan had arrived only minutes earlier, accompanied by over forty well-trained clone troopers and five heavy artillery cannons to assault the base.  'Yes Master... I've already formulated a plan of attack' Anakin said reassuringly, even though he had spent the last twenty minutes giving into his basest urges to satisfy his Padawan's growing sexual needs. Ahsoka Tano was going through a difficult phase in her life and like all other Togruta females, the need to satisfy The Urge was nearly overwhelming at most times. To help his Padawan cope with the nearly insatiable sexual need, Anakin had taken one for the team as it was and satisfied the growing sexual pressure impairing Ahsoka's Jedi skills.  'And... What is this plan?' Obi Wan asked as they used binoculars to spy on the fort along with a few other clone troopers.  'We use the heavy artillery to create a creeping barrage up to walls, where me, you and Ahsoka split up from the clone troopers, scale the walls, plant explosives and escape while the troopers create a diversion at the gate' Anakin said, looking impressed with himself for coming up with such a great plan.  'Sounds like a good plan my old Padawan... Let's just hope it works as well as it sounds' Obi Wan replied as he put down his binoculars and prepared himself for the assault. Ten minutes later, the clone troopers and the heavy artillery were set up and ready to create the barrage and diversion. Starting out with the artillery, a covering fire was established in front of the clone troopers and the three Jedi warriors. Using the artillery barrage as a blanket of cover, the assault team made it to the wall with little resistance and no casualties. While the artillery began assaulting the main base and drawing off attention from the main assault force, the clone troopers split from the Jedi and began their attack on the main gate. Using that as a diversion the three Jedi, led by Anakin, found a low section of the wall and got ready to climb the barricade and enter the fortified base.  'Go ahead Anakin, then Ahsoka and myself' Obi Wan said, turning his back to Anakin and Ahsoka to guard their backs while they climbed the wall.  'Ah... Master... Maybe I should go last' Ahsoka replied, looking embarrassed and rattled. Only a few minutes earlier she and Anakin had given into their basest desires and in the process of sucking his cock and having her pussy eaten out to perfection, she had somehow lost her panties. Because she was wearing only a small skirt, every time she jumped, flipped or even got caught in a gust of wind, her tight pussy and round ass would be completely visible. If she went second up the wall with Master Obi Wan helping her up, he'd get a clear view of both her delect
