======== SAMPLE 1 ========
, and the door to the cave closes in his hand.
VADER
I saw your tracker...
The vision fades, but it changes the way Luke feels about Vader.
He senses a fundamental loss of control and starts to march rapidly 
back and forth across the Dark Lord's back, rounding several smaller, 
more conical figures.
YODA
And stable...  stable.
Luke looks back on the troubled youth, but sees them only as static - the 
motivator swaying dynamically as the platform was moved.
LUKE
But remember, Artoo, you 
could have done better.  You 
could have fixed me.
Artoo beeps understandingly.
LUKE
But remember, I'm only a Wookiee.
YODA
You're a Dauntless, 
but you aren't a Hoth Jedi.
Luke breaks away from Yoda, drawing Leia closer.  He turns to See Han 
who, astride his X-wing, is glazed over by a hot metal lens.  He turns to the 
other Wookiee and reveals a few troubled thoughts, some even hostile.
INT. CLOUD CITY - TUNNEL AND REACTOR CONTROL ROOM
Moving through a tunnellike entrance, Luke cautiously approaches the 
reactor room.  He ignites the container that holds his 
energy.  Three stormtroopers, firing lasers, ring the room.
Luke turns and reaches ourimen, who is slashing his weapon 
with a laser sword.  Luke activates the door, revealing 
Leia.
LEIA
The security codes has been changed!
Luke flashes a grim cast to Threepio.
THREEPIO
I'd be honored if you could help 
the missing Han Solo.
LUKE
I'll never get him out of this one.
Leia gives Luke a coy grin.
LEIA
Even me doesn't know 
everything about women.
Suddenly, the security codes have been changed from Icelandic to 
Yoda's.  The walls are cedar-white, the windows are 
monstrous.  Han checks to make sure his ugly face is 
free of worry.  Leia notices something on his 
waist, and so does Luke, who quickly adjusts his grip on the sword.
LEIA
You take it you can fix him.
HAN
Like cures, they are attempts.
LEIA
Rather than attempts from 
the Jedi mind.
Han slowly draws Leia's sword in answer.
HAN
If you're saying being a Jedi was 
a bad thing, I'm in luck.  This 
is your lucky day.
Leia is arced-forward with great skill and ferocity.  She uses her speed 
to convey her excitement at Luke playing with the X-wing 
and flying crazy above.
LUKE
All right, all right, I'm doing this 
right.
Leia starts firing back at Luke, but Luke cuts her off.  She wades a few feet into 
the murky pool, looking for a help officer.  But, beeping impatiently, she 
ashamedly registers an alarm.
EVEN
Dunno how they got here.  Anything out 
yet?
LEIA
They say death by hypnosis is 
generous.  I don't think so.
Maybe I'm just going crazy.
THREEPIO
No, no, no.  Stay strong.  
Stay strong.
Luke holds Leia tight and steady.
EXT. BESPIN SYSTEM - MILLENNIUM FALCON - DAWN
The powerful pirate starship blasts through space as it heads toward 
the soft pink planet of Bespin.
EXT. BESPIN SURFACE - MILLENNIUM FALCON
It rises on a pink shore and races down into the cloud-
covered planet.
INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - COCKPIT
A gun turret floats by and lightsabers animate themselves across the blinding light.  
A circular energy beam hits the cloud surface and touches down into the 
cloud trench.  A peculiar sound rises above the pounding 
system, yet echoes off into the distance.  The system is buffeted by a 
strong current of magnetic and gravitational forces.  A woman who has 
no contact with the system or her hair tied back knobs nervously surveys the 
ground, then turns to face Leia.  She smiles, her head bowed, and 
sheats her case.
She motions toward the princess.  Her hand wells up into the princess' 
blood, as she holds onto the sword for its use.  The cloud maiden 

