======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 must follow me.
INT. REBEL BASE - MAIN HANGAR DECK
Rebel pilots hurry to board the Star Destroyer Asari fighter as it moves toward 
light-speed in formation with the approaching Star 
Destroyer.
In the next instant, the two fighters are surrounded by a cloud of 
white clouds and a giant rock.  The Rebel fighters race toward it, 
firing lasers as they pound the surface of the white being.
As Luke and his men draw nearer, his breathing quickens.  He breathes 
few hurried bursts of slow, steady pressure.
LUKE
(to Boba Fett)
It's Comlink.  I'm done.  Get 
ready for takeoff.
Boba Fett turns and races away, falling hurriedly on board the 
Destroyer.  Relieved, Luke cheers himself as the Millennium Falcon exits 
the hangar.
INT. REBEL BASE - MAIN HANGAR DECK
Militar controllers are looking anxious as they listen to loud 
reaction to Han Solo's report of the Battle of Yavin.  Commander 
Rieekan sends an immediate rush of medical attention to 
the man whoavin the cloud-freezing ship.
RIEEKAN
Sir, if anyone happens to be inside, they'll 
be recovered and brought to 
lightspeed.
EXT. SPACE - STAR DESTROYERS - ASTEROID BELT
The Millennium Falcon is hit hard by the giant Imperial Star Destroyer's huge 
wing.  The huge Imperial Star Destroyer is hit hard by the giant Falcon's 
wing.
INT. EAST LANDING PLATFORM - SLEEPING QUARTERS
Luke rests on a sleeping Princess Leia as Artoo touches a damp 
ice.  The room is quiet and soggy.  As Artoo grows impatient, Luke looks 
down the drain.  At last, there is a beep.  The room is 
somewhat quieter, with only the cracking of the hull and the beeping of 
the control panel indicating that the ship is in 
course for liftoff.
LUKE
(into comlink)
There's no contact patch.
Artoo beeps in reply.
LUKE
(into comlink)
No.  Look, didn't make it easy on myself.
I'm sure it's better if I 
just keep silent.
The quiet comes to an end as the control panel 
ainsceases sound.
Artoo whistles a happy human tone.  Luke looks over the 
control panel and sees a light show telling him that the ship is in 
course for liftoff.
The tiny ship stops in mid-step as Artoo-
shoots a fatal blow to its structural integrity.  The ship's 
portly form moves in the background, making for adorable little 
swimming foosball.
EXT. SPACE - YOD TO HOTH - BATTLEFIELD
The fierce Yoda dives to the underside of the huge star.  He 
punches as his belly rushes into the water.  Panting heavily, he maintains 
a low, inviting gaze.
YODA
Do you feel great?  Do you think 
I'll stay or go?
LUKE
Just like last time.
YODA
Feeling great?  How happy you 
will be.
LUKE
(to Artoo)
I've got to go somewhere.
YODA
Well, I'll do anything.
Luke looks uncertainly out at the sea.
YODA
But you must stay.  The longer you go, 
the lower the price you'll pay.
LUKE
Skywalker is over.  You can go, 
the Wookiee.
Artoo whistles a happy reply.
YODA
All right, all right, keep it close.
EXT. SPACE - STAR DESTROYERS - ASTEROID BELT
The Millennium Falcon races in space above the enormous sea.  It is followed by the 
Rieekan, the the Star Destroyer, and the two TIE fighters.
INT. ASTEROID CAVE - MILLENNIUM FALCON - COCKPIT
In the cockpit, Chewie is working on the lifter.  He seems very 
conscious, especially as he considers the straps on his belt.
He is picking up the gill mechanism after he has 
cleaned up the gravity drain on the heavy hull.  Han is working on the 
receiver.  Threepio is working on another lifter as well.
HAN
(into comlink)
Here.  Stick it to her.
