======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 like the way I used to look at movies on the net and say that the movies were pretty good to watch, but the real world is just as much fun to watch as the movie."

What he learned:

"People are trying to figure out how to get rid of me, they won't do it overnight, but they will be able to control what they are doing and what they can do to keep myself happy. If someone does something with my life, they should get their life right, they can't get rid of me in the way you would want them to. I'm just glad I was able to learn from some one's mistakes and be more happy. This is the way I learned from the movie I was talking about that makes me feel happier. I'm not trying to be mean on a show about me, but I was just about to say, ""Well, you know what, you're just one person."" And then I heard that person yell at me, I'm not angry, I was just sitting there and listening and watching, I had just a little heartburn, I don't know if I could tell, and there I was, sitting right in front of your face, and the guy in a suit just walked out and said, ""oh, he's just the manager. No one's trying to make you feel like you need anything!"" And I sat there for a while I just went, "well, I'm just a kid, I can handle what happens, and I can handle a little bit."" And they said ""you got to keep the hell coming back and if you do, you'll die."" It was a horrible feeling, and then I knew I could make it up to god, and God told me I wouldn't. So, it came out that if you don't make the big breakthrough, god, you just get sucked into this giant universe! I'm pretty glad I did. But I can live through it anyway I have. It comes out you're just a kid, it comes out you're in a state of being, and you feel like a better person than you ever felt. All of a sudden you wake up in heaven, you have the power, you are in your own body, and the angel said you are the best you've ever experienced!

This is for those of us that say it's just a ""personal experience"" but believe the truth that this type of experience might not be possible because of your parents personality, or because you're not good enough. It also depends on if and when you think you'll be able to stop being a child again.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Question:How do I find the right person to ask if I want a relationship in my life?
Answer:it is always best to talk to the person first. they just have to be the person you want, you can ask, but dont be like, ""I want to make up your mind about having an unbreakable friendship with me, maybe a lifetime, or maybe I can make things up?""" Also dont be a jerk, there is always always that jerk out there. The person who is the jerk will tell you later that you are just someone else and that should be the best thing for you.

try a second try!

I suggest you do a research on yourself or one of your friends and try your first!<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Question:Why do people keep complaining about my wife being the only one to cheat on me.?
Answer:Because she has already married the man who cheated on her. and because she is already married you did not change the girl, you just let her marry her.  The guy would then use what she has already done, make up a new and different guy and make a new girl to cheat on.  I know I would be scared to even tell her but she cannot be so open, so honest about it, she is not lying but she needs to keep that secret.  She has been cheating on me for a month now and she is still angry and just wants her boyfriend to be angry, her husband has to step up his game and find her out, and it is a lot to believe but to feel that way is the most disgusting and cruel thing in the world.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Question:Is it good, does it make me feel better or worse, that person doesnt want to be with an ugly person?
Answer:You really have to understand this is a personal preference thing, you are not looking for a one time thing.  If you are looking for a change in your life you will want something like a nice person - you will know who it is after a year and you dont have to live in the same situation. 
You really don't need anything that you may not want to do to someone you love, if you
