======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 Jesus would be a Christian or a ""Christian"", and if any of those things were a false, false thing, why do Christians not believe it?  

Why do Christians not believe in Jesus? For God has come down from Heaven and dwells on earth.  We were created that way.  He came up out of the clouds to judge the living and the dead.  

How often do Christians fail to see the irony in it and try to understand it?  That it was written in the middle of the Book, and that it is for us to know who and what Christ says to these who do not die but rise again.  Jesus said to the Father Who art in heaven, and to the Father who is in the earth, and to the Holy Spirit;

 I ask: Did Jesus come once for all, He will come again for all?

 
  
  
 
Hebrews, and the Jews who worship idols are forbidden to have children.  This is the law against them, and against idols.  It is not acceptable for one of you to eat and drink of any thing that is unclean.  Be fruitful and multiply and lay on the face of the earth.  

Why do Christians do not respect the law?  Why don't they respect the law's application?  Why do they have a religion that does not allow a God who has a ""higher power"" over any person to command others?  Why haven't they used the law to stop the wicked people from killing, raping, and enslaving the innocent?  

What's the reason of a Christian coming again?  Why haven't they used a different law that they have used in the past?  Why haven't they used a different system that allows God to make laws?  Why haven't they used a different system that guarantees the ""equals of the law""?  Why haven't they used a government-sanctioned system that allows the government to dictate what religion a person belongs to?

So Christians don't understand that the Law is not perfect.  If they wanted to make sure everyone did, why do they insist on having everyone in heaven and everyone everywhere worship the same god?  Why don't they worship each other more often or at least more, and at least less often than everyone else?  Why don't they respect the law more than they respect the god?  Why haven't they used that god to make everything happen the way it is?  

So, what do Christians do in their lives?  Why is it they don't have the opportunity to live as they might live today?  Why don't they respect the laws of society?  Why don't they worship the same god more?  

If Christians don't respect the law, why haven't they used it for good?  Why haven't they used it for evil?  Why haven't they used it for good?  Why haven't they used it for evil?  Why haven't they used it for good?  

So, what's the reason of a Christian coming again?  Why haven't they used another ""law""?  Why haven't they used the law to stop the evil?  Why haven't they used it to do good?  Why haven't they used it for good?  

Now, don't your neighbors feel sorry for you?  

 But why won't their neighbor be the first to come to their house, and tell your neighbor that they've been cheated on and won't do anything?  Why don't their neighbors tell your neighbor that you've been cheated on and won't do anything?  So, they don't feel sorry by you?    
  
Why don't they tell your neighbor that you've been cheated on and won't do anything?  If you feel your neighbor is lying to you, then they are lying to themselves or your neighbor, or else they are lying to you.  Why don't they tell your neighbor that you've been cheated on and won't do anything?  Why don't you tell your neighbor that you've been cheated on then?   
Why haven't churches and the state government used a ""higher power"" over all things and made it a religion?  Why don't they have governments that worship God too?  
Why don't they worship God so the world will obey the law and be happy?   And why don't they all follow the law?   
  
Why don't they allow all their neighbors to go outside their doors, so as not to ""lose their houses""?       Just because they don't want to be reminded that their neighbors are ""losing their homes and their taxes?"...  
        
How many ways can they come to the law and expect
