======== SAMPLE 1 ========
x.html<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Question:I found many illegal immigrants at my church. How do I avoid finding someone with big dreams that come true?
Answer:What kind of education do you want, and how do you intend to pay for that information?

If you want to come here, it doesn't sound like you have one of the qualifications that a typical american should have:

Education: at least two years of a high school or high school diploma or 

Skills in the classroom:

English in both the subjects mentioned below; 

Basic knowledge of and respect for the law; 

Legal status: 

Current status: 

Current status:



The following list will answer the question of how or WHY YOU SHOULD HOLD YOUR ELSYM IN YOUR WORD OF DEAL. 

- You think that your education was an ""A"" quality? 

First of all, if you are a Christian and would like to learn something from the Bible, you could become a ""Christian,"" by doing so.   There are Christians who want to teach YOU THE LAND OF GOD, NOT THE WORD OF GOD.   Those who teach you the Bible are teaching you the Bible, and they are learning what you know.   If you would like an education, you should definitely go to a well-researched, well-purchased Bible study group in your area to learn the basics.   You may also want to do a Bible search and find books that you can add to your library, or even buy, a book to reference, or a newspaper to refer to on your own.  

The Bible is not a magic number. It's just the fact that the Bible is what it is written in the first place.  It's not a bunch of fairy tales that tell people to obey God.  It's a bunch of books being read each day, and there is no magic here.   It has actually become an ongoing practice on the part of the Christian people in every area.  

(And yes, you might not be a Christian at all, but a good Christian at the same time.)

When I first started learning the Bible, I thought there would be some minor deviations at best.  I went so far as to consider it as God's ""word,"" that we still have the same set of rules as the Old Testament.  For example in the Old Testament, God said: ""Be fruitful, and you shall have praise, and ye shall take the field from the seed of the first man: and ye shall have power over the residue of a thousand years.  And when they shall have taken the field from the seed of the first man, the first man shall be in the earth, and the earth shall be their possession.""  (Genesis 24:25) This word is used repeatedly throughout the New Testament (Genesis 25:10) and most of the New Testament itself.  

I would do a search by ""study books"" to find books in the New Testament that might have the word ""WORD OF GOD"" written in them.  

You may want to consider ""the Bible.""  This is an ancient, highly specialized collection of thought in the writings of all the writers of the Old Testament.  This was the source of all the many different languages in the ancient world, at least for the last 1000 years or so.  The Bible was written by writers who studied the Bible and the Bible became the language of the Ancient World.  The Old Testament was written by a book collector and studied by people who studied the book, studied the Bible and the Bible became the language of the Ancient World.  The Hebrew books were written in Hebrew, and not in Aramaic (The Holy Bible).

In another Ancient Study Group session (I used the Hebrew phrase 'The Bible' in that group because it is the language written in the Old Testament), I asked a group of people who were speaking Aramaic who were listening intently on their radios how long it took a person to get to the top of the list, not the top ten (like the 10 words are in Aramaic).  (Of course, the ten words did occur in Aramaic, but the ones that are in Aramaic are also in Hebrew.)  The group was really impressed, and they started to study and learn Hebrew.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Question:why can't i get  any money outta my friend?
Answer:Because you think that he likes her. He doesn't, and he's too busy fighting for his life to give much money back!<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Question:what is one good way to ask a date for a bday?
