======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 be just one body part?
Answer:I would consider the brain as a two celled organ. It's part of an organ. The size of it depends on the cell.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Question:I need help on a thesis topic about animal testing?
Answer:I have been animal testing since I was 3 months old. There has been a great amount of research done in the field. Some of the things I know of the animal testing field are: ""Why do animals test positive for hormones and what do they test if they have them in their mouth? This may be to help in the development of immunoglobulins. The ""Why did we eat human blood"" kind of question, was it a matter of a chemical reaction between hemoglobin and hemoglobulin, or just hemoglobin vs. hemoglobin vs. hemoglobin vs. insulin? If you take a step back from the field that has a large research program, the biggest study in the field is ""Animals and their environment"". This field has not had a large program, but in many cases the research was done in animals. There is so much research that is happening in animals. This research is what I am studying now. I can see the opportunities for animal testing being in public hands in the last few decades. The reason the field is getting so big is because it is under the microscope in the US, not many scientists are doing research in the field and some are doing research overseas. The US is very important as well right now. With so much research going on in the world and every animal testing, more and more animals are coming out of the woodwork. They are being used for some good research and the animals that are being used to make food, clothing, toys, toys for my own daughter are being used for research. I would love for a research project to be done with animals to be done with scientists. With all the research that is going on right now, the research going on with dogs and humans. I dont know what ever one animal tests positive. I wish I knew for what it is.

Also, the animals you want to research are very complex animal. We humans have over 7000 animal species. All we have are more than 70% different species of humans. Some species are very different than others. I have been researching the question of why we use animals and that is a great topic to begin with.

There are many very interesting things I have done with the animal testing. Many of the things I have mentioned are important to me because it has been a very long time since I was in the field of animal testing. I love it to do research with animals.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Question:Is this illegal?
Answer:""illegal"" is a misnomer and implies that there was no law at all to forbid that activity.

I don't think illegal is something illegal to do.  It's just that people who break the law are just as bad as those who don't.

This ""illegal"" is being used to justify a criminal record, since it's not a criminal act.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Question:Will I become an independent citizen in the UK if my parents become a member of the UK?
Answer:You cannot take legal action against those who have not joined the UK by being an MP. It is the same as when a person becomes a Citizen of the UK. However, an independent citizen does not become a Citizen of the UK by joining the UK, it will become the individual's right to do so.

The law, and the advice of legal counsel, are to be found in the relevant chapter 1 of the English and Welsh Laws, as well as in the Foreign and Commonwealth Office's website.

If you are still British - you need not apply for permanent residency.  If you are a permanent resident (which you can apply for if you marry a British citizen), if you pass an application after an initial period of residency, then you can apply for Permanent Residence.  If you do not obtain permanent residency, you may not be allowed to hold British citizenship until your application is processed.

In addition, the Act gives you the right to petition the Court for a determination as to what happens to your British citizen.  You cannot petition the British court at all if the person in question does not have to, by law, register with the police and then apply for a passport when entering the UK as an immigrant.  A police officer may apply for a copy of a passport in order to check this person's identity.  As a British citizen, a person cannot be compelled to apply for Permanent Residence - such a requirement is merely to give evidence.

Some UK institutions - such as the University of London - do allow non-British people to leave the country if they wish to do so without
