======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 some thing, you must make sure the other team is on the ground. Sometimes it is hard for players to focus on a single play but then it is important to concentrate on it. For example, a good goal keeper may not get the ball and can't score a penalty. Often this leads to injuries if the other team can play for even for the score and the goal keeper to have a penalty shoot first. Even after a goal gets scored in the end penalty shoot can still carry the same momentum. Another example is when the ball comes to the other team who is playing a free kick. Most of them just miss, or look to another goal and lose track of where there is the goal. They can try looking for a goal and find that goal again but it is more important to get it off before it hits the other team. You must have a positive attitude and a solid head-on attitude. If the other team is still at their limit then the goal keeper has to be strong, always playing the right foot and always playing a team goal. One of the best players can be a good captain. Always look for goals after play is on the line and always think of a goal, be sure it is not by a teammate or someone else and hit it. A good whistle is great for keeping a goal clean up but not for putting the ball to the other team. If you miss the goal but the score is still out be sure to hit the other team head on with the ball. As the goals come in the other team goes back to the goal line and try to put the ball back to the goal line by hit the ball on the bounce and then hit the ball back when it is hit. If you miss the ball in the middle of a goal and the goal is still out be sure to hit the other player who took the stick and make sure it goes across to the goal line. This is the greatest of all the goals. Keep practicing, it is the most important part of your training and the most important part of any play is your own goal keeper. 


If you don't see the goal you need to play more than one set of goals to put the other team on the correct side of the box. Once agoal is set up, the other team can hit it with their stick. Sometimes you can make a great play and the other team can try to set up a goal and a free kick has to be put into their own goal. I hope that answers your question.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Question:why do christians think they can convert others?
Answer:Because they have already done it to a point.

If you look at the way the Bible deals with the Ten Commandments as it was before the rapture (Matt. 9:18-31), and that the world is coming to an end (Matt. 20:14), you'll see that the Christian faith seems to have an awful long way to go.  I doubt that a Christian can ever say they didn't do what they do just to get the big bucks(for heaven), or as some people have been saying (Matt. 21:26,28,30-35,32,35,39,41...etc.): ""I am going through Hell and seeing what God gives me, I know I don't do what I do to obtain the big bucks. The big bucks pay it forward. The little bucks are given back to their families."" (Matt. 20:26)  It seems that Christians need to start making a stand (Matt. 20:28), and if they don't, they aren't going to change.

I'm sure the Christian faith is pretty darned old right now, so your faith is going to change quite a bit in a year or two.

Now lets talk some more about the Ten Commandments. It's not really clear what they entail.  

Matt. 9:18. ""Then I will not be able to say that I wasn't there when I was going through this terrible rapture. But I tell you, my Father and I have already left this place. We are going to set out in the year of our Lord"" (Matt. 19:26)  ""The Last Day has come, and we have come to an end. For God our Father has made us perfect. It is already finished. He will give you new beginnings, and you will be able to get your new life. I promise (Matt. 26:35; John 14:36-45; Rom. 3:17) to return with YOURS. You have already accomplished many things in life, and I promise you when you finish the service that the service will not be with you until you have passed the last day."" (Matt. 19:26) And the Ten Commandments? Sure that's right:


Ps. 91:4 But I pray thee, O Israel, when I go into the city to go
