======== SAMPLE 1 ========
startoftext|>Question:Is there a good website to find out more about a specific subject in American English?
Answer:The American Language Institute (ALSI) is a nonprofit non-profit public interest group and educational journal that advocates for the advancement of the American language and its heritage. They can be found at www.aalsi.org. The Foundation for American Studies is an acronym for American Language Association.
The American Language Foundation is an organization established to foster and enhance the public interest in the study and teaching of Spanish. It was created in 1972 by the American Academy of English, and is composed of English teachers, native speakers of Spanish, and native speakers and foreign language translators. The Foundation has developed a number of languages, and most of its programs focus on Spanish, Spanish, and Portuguese.

The Foundation has sponsored the Association for the Advancement of Coloured Thought (ACCE) Scholarship for Spanish Language Learners for Spanish (a program sponsored by the Spanish American Studies Association (AVASA)), an annual scholarship program, which aims to find qualified Spanish speakers to teach Spanish for English. It sponsors three Spanish language classes over a five-year period and holds many community events, such as bilingual conferences, meetings, seminars, and workshops.

As of 2004, the Foundation is offering its Spanish language program in two bilingual schools in the Washington, D.C. area. The program is aimed at Spanish language learners in Spanish-speaking communities. At this time, students cannot attend any Spanish-language class at the school. While the curriculum may meet academic requirements, this does not mean that students do not receive formal Spanish instruction. The Spanish school uses Spanish as the curriculum and is responsible for helping to train instructors. After the Spanish language curriculum for the program is completed, both schools teach Spanish in Spanish and Spanish in Spanish-speaking communities. Students are admitted as soon as they graduate from an established Spanish language school as part of the Spanish learning program.

The program is offered in two academic climates. The classroom environment is of Spanish and Spanish-speaking students and Spanish-born/ native speakers with at least a high school diploma or equivalent. The classroom environment can include:

Classroom: a variety of activities of different levels.  
Classroom activities include:
Querying: a large portion of the teachers' work in Spanish.  Many Spanish-speaking students will be able to do a double-step in Spanish-reading.  The main purpose of the classroom environment is to teach the students a language and get them comfortable with each other.
Treatment of the students: Spanish language is highly controlled, and most Spanish teachers will continue to teach Spanish, Spanish in Spanish, Spanish in Spanish, Spanish in Spanish.  There will be a group chat, Spanish in Spanish for about one hours daily, Spanish in Spanish for about 30 minutes, and Spanish in Spanish at least 6 times a week. In the classroom, Spanish in Spanish is taught in Spanish only once or twice a week.
Teaching Spanish: Spanish is taught in Spanish and Spanish in Spanish only once or twice a week, Spanish in Spanish, Spanish only once a week for English, and Spanish in Spanish for about three weeks per year. Most of the Spanish teachers will be fluent in Spanish. This includes Spanish in Spanish only two times a week.

Admission to Spanish-speaking communities: the program is sponsored by the Spanish American Studies Association (AVASA) and is offered by the Spanish American Studies Association (AVASA).  This program will teach Spanish in Spanish for about 2.5 years only, and it will not be available to students who cannot get Spanish lessons. The program is offered in two English language schools in the Washington, D.C. area. In the language schools, students can do one course of Spanish in Spanish as a whole four months after graduating.

After the program is completed, the Spanish language program is only available to students who need Spanish lessons. The Spanish language program is sponsored by the Spanish American Studies Association (AVASA), the Spanish Adult Programs Association (TAAPA), and the Institute of Hispanic Students.

Special Education: This program focuses on Spanish Language and Literature (SLCL) education. It offers a language in Spanish for about 2 months, and it will not be available to students who cannot get Spanish lessons. There is also English language Spanish at every community college. There are also programs for Spanish Language Learners from the American Hispanic/Latin American American Studies Association (AELTA) in the Washington, D.C. area.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Question:What does Cinco De Mayo represent??
Answer:It's in Brazil! 

That and the fact that both the US and Portugal are currently fighting for the FIFA world cup, which has already been held in Brazil.

It's a dream come true for both.

It's a dream come true for you, the Spanish people
