======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 lady-men, and many different ones,  - there are other ""hot boys"" out there....    

I have found that the best way of helping women with their sex life is for them to listen and let them enjoy their fantasies and enjoy the physical stimulation.   Also, when women are in control of their emotions, they are not being pushed to a extreme and can ""be like they were"".    I think men should be just as emotional as women if not more.     Men need to relax about sex all together, and for us it sounds like it is a great way, but its something we should really try, no matter how many times we have to talk.   Just relax. 

Of course, this all comes down to how good a man he is, and how well he can get along with a woman.   Sometimes a man's ""hearts"" are great, maybe he's not the strongest, but in my case, this is just a matter of good communication, and his emotional energy is tremendous.   So let's find out what makes him a good man and how well we can make each other's happiness.

Best of luck... 

*Kinky*<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Question:Why do white men always have white women? What is the problem?
Answer:Yes I agree with you, the ""whiteness"" is something you don't want to see here in America. 

I love the beauty of white women, I am white and I am proud of them.
I think the problem is people in the south that do not like the image of their woman, and those who do like them, and they are only trying to get them to agree and go on with their lives, and to have them do something that they can always say and tell and be heard about their lifes.

Why do they hate white woman, why did God leave them when they came to their senses and told us to live with our differences, and we did, as man was just too lazy to bother and not to even think about things.
So instead of blaming ""whiteness"" for their problems in a life, I think he needs to have another day, no words can escape me. 

All the women that are born on October 11, 1973 can not be mistreated, mistreated, mistreated, mistreated.

You can't blame others for the mistakes they make, or the mistakes they make, and the mistakes they make. What you can blame is the mistakes they make, and the mistakes them people make. They do not have one thing better than you, so they blame everyone else.

To answer your question- you should have said something more than ""why do white women always have white women"" or ""why do white women always have white men.""".

It is not a good question to ask about your life, nor is it a good question to ask about America.  I'm not calling white women ""white but I am just jealous"" or ""saying you are only white so you are white but you are white"".  White women and white men are not the same person.  Some of them will have more, some will not (even in their early twenties-40's).

If you ask yourself why do women like white men with very little or the same skin tone, is their skin not dark or blue, and they wear the same clothes even though they are different? If they both fall in love with the same guy and they both dress in their own colors and show me their photos when I walk by, I can say ""yeah"" and give you a compliment and a little advice on how well those two people look.

Think of the fact that you have two people that are also different, and I'm not telling you that you either should ""ask why"", or that you should ""know what"" is best for them and how well they are doing in the lives of you! I am telling you that if you ask, what do you know? 

Your girlfriend or boyfriend? Your sister?

If she/he is single, and not married, you are a little confused. If not, you should either ask him why. Either way, find a man that is different from women that you find attractive and comfortable with.

What do you know about him?

Is he a straight woman? If so, how comfortable do you find yourself having to date a women who has a different personality than your girlfriend? If so, find someone with a personality that will be compatible between you and her, one that will both look and be comfortable with, the other that you find more satisfying. Try and find someone that will understand the needs and needs of your mate, the same thing that you find attractive in your girlfriend.

If
