======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 adjacent to a church in Newtown, Conn.

"The shootings have been on your mind. I guess everybody wants to get on to other things," Mrs. Pate said on ABC's "Good Morning America." She added that there had been a lot of thoughts about her husband, Robert Pate, who she would be meeting soon. His death comes days after Mr. Obama addressed the nation after another mass shooting at a Connecticut high school. The president noted the importance of law enforcement members but also mentioned an incident in the news media and noted efforts to get guns off the streets and keep guns out of dangerous hands. In this instance, federal law allows the District of Columbia to do so under Section 13 of the Brady Act. The law allows for the temporary confiscation of firearms from a federal court if they have been used on a federal court date and the person to whom they were used is a federal court judge. The government also can take away an individual's weapons and ammunition if the firearms are used in crimes for which they could be prosecuted under federal law, like weapons violations or drug trafficking and transportation. Before a firearm is taken away under the Brady Act, the firearms will have to be sold to a licensed firearms dealer. The Brady Act also covers the transfer of firearms by mail, but the law does not require the transfer to a gun show or dealer. The federal government will take firearms away from people who violate federal law. There are also no federal penalties for people who violate the Brady Act. Some gun laws have changed over time. The National Rifle Association and gun sellers advocate for changing gun laws, saying the laws can help prevent violent crime and make people safer. To that end, Congress has passed legislation to do that. Here is a timeline of law changes over time:

1998 - NICS

2000 - Congress passes the Federal Firearms Licensee and Information System Act

2001 - The ATF launches the NICS Program

2001 - Congress passes the No Guns Allowed Act

2002 - Congress passes the National Instant Criminal Background Check System Act

2003 - Congress passes the Brady Bill

2004 - Congress passes the Adam L. Smith, Second Amendment Protection Act

2004 - Congress passes the Protecting the Second Amendment Act

2005 - Congress passes the National Instant Criminal Background Check System Act

2006 - Congress passes the Brady Bill

2006 - Congress passes the No Guns Allowed Act The Brady Bill was signed into law on September 19, 2012 at 10:45 pm. It requires a buyer or seller to submit to NICS an annual report on the guns and ammunition they've purchased. This report is not collected until three months from the day the firearm is listed in the National Inventory of Individuals with Disabilities, or   for those in military, for example, the report may not be available until that morning. However, if you've purchased a firearm at one of these firearm sales, the report will be sent to you and your records will be kept. Some states are also now able to set up their own system to collect reports from licensed gun dealers in their states. It's also important to note that these reports aren't issued by the police, but rather are by the Federal Bureau of Investigation. So if you buy someone a firearm and then go to a licensed gun dealer and sell it, you may be reporting that sale to the federal government. Also, to minimize your risk of reporting and losing your firearms in a tragic accident, you shouldn't buy them legally from a licensed dealer, unless you plan to sell them at the same time or to someone else in the future. It can be difficult to understand. So please be careful when going to the gun store. If you do buy a firearm from a licensed dealer, be aware that you may not be able to sell it or ship it to someone who won't have access to records that you need. And if you do trade in a firearm, be sure that someone will have access to those records. Also, ask the person who sold it for information about the person who was the buyer. If you do want to report your purchase to NICS, please remember that your report will be sent to whoever reported me the gun. So if I sell a weapon and it is subsequently reported in the National Inventory of Individuals with Disabilities, I may have lost that firearm but my report is sent to NICS. In addition, it is important to know a few things before reporting a report to NICS: * Do not sell to a family member or a household member under age 18. * Don't ship to someone who is less than 21 years of age. * Don't store a firearm for more than 60 days in a secure location in your home, on a government property, in a store, on a public transportation, or in a vehicle on public transit. * Keep the location of the firearm as far away as possible from a person who may be carrying. * Don't report a firearm that does not have a serial number on or associated with it. * Report a report with a signed
