======== SAMPLE 1 ========
, because it sounds funny.  But it is just a classic
Well I didn't know that. Do you know who John Stolwell is? He's the most popular entertainer of all time
 Not in a long time but he is now on the charts. Have you ever heard of that song
No, not with his new album. Speaking of old albums, that would make one rich. How about Tupac Shakur? Apparently he is a great artist
 I never really got to see his show.  I have heard of some people that have had an interest in music.  In fact Tupac was one of the stars of the modern day Creed album
 I actually enjoyed Creed 3.  I have heard that Creed 3 were supposed to be released this year
The last Creed album of 2013 was called Creed 2
Thats really cool, and Creed 3 has an awesome soundtrack called Creed I
 I do not really understand.  The original Creed had a lot of new content.  
I do not know when they remade that album but it does look really cool and I don't find that too surprising.  In fact Creed 3, the last Creed album of 2013, was actually remade
Thats very entertaining.  That's why you should have heard Creed 3.  I wonder if they have anything new or interesting music they release next year
In fact they have one of the best albums of all time. Did you know they have the beat of some of the most popular albums of all time
 I never knew that.  That is interesting!  Tupac Shakur's new album Creed 3 is being released on May 6th.  I know he has an audience of over 200 million worldwide
Yes, that is a lot in an hour and a half! I know he sold 2.4 million copies on an album, but it's crazy that Tupac played the role of a comic book villain. He just really was a character
 That's just an insane amount for just one album
Yes, I wonder if he's any good. Did you know there was a live concert in 2001 that Tupac played that year
No, I didn't, just one minute.  I've loved his music all over in Japan
 I wonder how much of the music is from Japan or South Africa? I wonder what's the music in that country
 I have heard that. I did not know there was a live concert at that time but I know that is how it began
I wonder what it is, maybe that was due to concerts in South Africa? Or maybe it was because it was a country/culture contest
 That is very interesting. The last one is remade on Reel Genesis so I'm guessing it should be remade in the same way that the Creed 3 version is.  The Creed 3 and Creed 4 music did not have a sound
I think these 2 are both very unique and interesting, but I like the idea of that same concert at some points. And the sound of their music was originally made for Eminem's song, Eminem, which has a song of the same name over and over..
I'm curious if it was the original song or one of those songs that comes from an old Eminem concert or one of those different styles, or if it was something from a new music video.  So many ideas being thrown at each other. I'm just happy for some of their music... but I love songs like that song from Creed I love that song from Creed I love that song from Creed but Creed3
I liked the Creed 3 one, Creed I liked all three from the 3rd. But Creed 3 had some really great songs like the best selling album of all time, Creed is definitely not in it's current form haha
Yeah, I saw about where it will end up.. lol.  Have you ever played a Nintendo
I have, so did  but I think its great for fun. I had not heard about the SNES.  What was all about
The NES was originally meant to be released in Japan as a computer game. What was originally meant to be a computer game
Oh, it was originally a computer game. It might have been a really good computer game. What is the game called
 It is called SNES? I don't know
 SNES? It was originally meant to be sold as a computer or console. What was originally meant to be a console, that is a system
Yeah, it was actually sold as a computer or computer game. Did you see that Nintendo only had 54 colors
 Yeah. I can't believe they discontinued it for the NES
Yeah, back in 1992 it was re-introduced as Nintendo Entertainment System!  I did not know it was a console. What do you think
 I guess it was for a big system but also because of the gaming system
 Yeah. And also, my son has heard of it. I guess there would really be little differences in age
Yeah, I would have loved to
