======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 point of the universe
That's a weird question. I've never heard of anything like that before, especially since it's based on a theory and an explanation. There are other theories too, like that there exists a machine that speaks a language and it calculates it's location, there are other things I know are crazy
 That is crazy! What other theories do you have for how the universe gets started
I have no idea, there must be an answer! But I would love to find out, that we can explain the universe through the universe
 Do you watch television
I watch television, but I usually just stay away from movies.  I can't watch TV, though.  Anytime I'm watching TV, I know I'm not going to find anything interesting
I like watching movies, but I usually can't think of anything interesting.  If I watch TV, I'll know something about where the universe is. Then I will enjoy it more
 You know something from the movie Stranger Things?  There are some weird characters from my childhood, like the homeless man in The Office.  That's a lot more than I thought
I suppose so! I guess, though, that the universe makes sense. I guess, the universe is the biggest of galaxies by size and size alone
Yes, you're correct.  However I will go about the job of explaining the universe.  Even with all the theories, one thing I know is that humans have lost the ability to burp
I think people have lost the ability to burp like dogs. If I knew how to use a razorblade and how to use a flamethrower, I could just use that
Yes, that's the one I've learned to say: "I have not learned to say, but I know now, that humans have the power to burp.  That is the power to speak the language of the universe
Yeah, I guess our brains are a different place. I guess we also use a lot of brain power. I don't see why we aren't using that power much anymore
I've never seen a video of my dog explaining how the universe works or why it works.  I'll talk about that later on.  On to the show
Do you watch TV?  Television has some interesting facts about the universe
 I do watch tv.  You?  If I'm listening to the radio they are pretty good.  Are you a fan of dramas?  I love dramas like Lilyhammer and The Honeymoon.  Do you
Yes, I love dramas. I'm the same way. Do you ever watch a show on Netflix that is not on TV, but is available by mail
 I dont watch them.  I know the content I enjoy.  I just have a couple of weeks to get up and look at the shows on netflix.  I just did some reading about the Netflix's content
Yeah, I guess they do good things. They do offer a lot of original programming. I'd love to get into that market
I don't watch it these days.  I think it is nice to learn how the universe works.  I have had a few years in this industry
It really does, but I know I've been watching my own shows recently.  Do you think they have a monopoly on a variety?  It's amazing how new shows are being built.  I'm surprised that shows like Star Trek are in there but do not know anything about the universe as of now at this point
 That's interesting.  I think most people would still want to watch it as Netflix owns it
 I agree! It's great that they have both a network so they can have a place to go. I am also really shocked that they have had to move to Fox owned by Marvel
I have no problem! I don't watch TV, mainly Netflix, so I can't imagine it's that profitable
 The network is definitely an interesting thing to have.  Do you know that a website used by kids to watch video game shows can actually be watched on a VHS
Yes. I used to watch that game show when I was younger, and did not realize it was called The Simpsons. Do you still use the Simpsons? I heard they got their own page
 Yes.  It makes me think of how they are able to take everything I might put put on.  They have a lot of history on their page
Yes, it also makes me think of how they have gotten their characters for so long
 Maybe that doesn't translate to TV.  The Simpsons has always had an interesting history.  They made fun of their old rivals in The Simpsons.  It was a long time ago
 I agree! Well it was nice chatting, thank you
I enjoyed this chat!  Have a good day
 You too
 Do you watch TV
Yes, I listen to a lot from time to time. How about you
 Yeah I do as well. Do you know about the yellow line
