======== SAMPLE 1 ========
yeah sounds like fun! I wish I knew how to swim!
You can stay on the shallow side I think. Well hope you enjoy time with your extended family!
That's true. You too, have a great time snorkeling!
Hi!
Hi! How was your weekend?
pretty good. just went to church and hangout with friends
Nice
did you do anything?
I made donuts and samosas with an air fryer have you used one of those before
yum yum yum no only good old oily frier
haha
do you have one at your home or were you at a friends place?
I was at my parents' place what are you up to for Thanksgiving?
I'm going to impersonate a pumpkin
wow, those are unique plans
I'm pretty unique person
I think so too
any other hobbies besides air frying everything? 🙂
I want to start fermenting things kimchi for example sounds like a fun thing to ferment takes a few days apparently miso takes a couple years to fermen
Hi!
heya, nice to meet you, I'm Paul
nice to meet you too! I'm James. how are you doing today?
I'm doing OK. Looking forwards to the weekend. how about you?
same here! I hope the weather will be nice
oh yeah, but I don't have my hopes too high, I heard there could be a storm coming our way
oh no, which areas will be affected?
they mentioned that the whole city will experience harsh weather and that people in the outskirts will probably not get much rain and wind
uh oh, I'd better not to plan for BBQ then instead just enjoying playing board games inside 🙂
yeah, it'll be good weather for staying inside with a cup of hot chocolate. Too bad my street usually floods, so I'll have to check for that
yea, you'd better check. where do you live?
I live at the bottom of the valley, cheap area but we do get affected by this kind of stuff a lot haha
gotcha. anything you love about where you live?
well, the food around the area is amazing, which is definitely a plus.
nice! I'd love to come visit that area some times
Hi!
hello, who am I having the pleasure to chat with 🙂
I am the superman! What about you?
haha. great chating with superman, what is your power?
Being invisible. You won't see me.
haha. what else can you do? can you read minds?
I would rather trust fMRI and machine learning to do this. I am not an expert on that. Sorry for it!
wow that seems pretty technical. what does fMRI mean?
The brain imaging thing that can tell you a brain's activity at a pretty high resolution.
okay! so you seem to like science a lot?
I believe in Science! Science is my god!
Are you also doing science?
no, I'm bad at Science. what can Science do? is it the most important thing for society?
People are always arguing. Probably both science and democracy are both important I guess.
Does it make sense?
I think so. thanks for your point!
Hello, Nice to meet you
If you could eat only one food for the rest of time, what would it be?
Hmm... That's a tough one. I think I would go Asian Food > Chinese Food > Stirfry. What about you?
I think ice-cream. It may not be good for me, but I wouldn't care, haha
I love ice cream too!
Okay, top three flavors?
I like vanilla more than chocolate ice cream. I typically will do any variations on vanilla. To pick from the top of my head, I would say Cookies and Cream, Mint Chocolate Chip, and Coffee. How about you?
Ah, that's a good way of framing it. Me, I like berriesboysenberry one, strawberry two, maybe straight chocolate number 3 to mix it up a bit.
Very nice. I love sorbet's and smoothies. Changing topics, Do you think chocolate bars work?
I think they do. I love sorbet's and smoothies. Changing topics, But I would drink a lot of water where you live, and I'd be sacrificing some for the water supply would be cool.
That's a more responsible thing to do. That's what I'm trying to figure out. What kind of water do you use for that?
Hmm, just a couple tanks. Sounds fancy! I'm out of options.
What do you do to help out?
I sometimes drink tea stock I buy online
Cool! What about you?
I drink coffee too. I mix it up a bit.
I see. That's a good idea
