======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 toward my country and the weather
 Me too. It was nice chatting with you
Hi, do you like dance
 I like watching dance from time to time. Do you like it
 I do. DId you know bruce lee was a tap dancer
That's interesting, I heard he won a cha-cha championship not once, but twice, right
 Yeah and he also did stand up in grade school
 That's pretty cool. Do you know who has the record for most oscars won by a guy then dancing in style
No, who
Michael Jackson, he was definitely talented. Nice chat
 Nice chatting with you too
 Thanks
 Bye
 Bye
 bye
 Bye
 D
dy you know that Ronald Reagan was once turned down for an adio film role because anit worth 000
what? that's interesting. That's a much lower check, what do you think
 I think that was for the president
That is a different matter. Well, it was a nice chat! Thanks, make sure to tune in this evening
 do you like the NBA
 I sure do. Do you know who invented the sport
 It was the New Zealand basketball team
 Oh cool. Reggie miller was an amazing athlete too
 Yeah he played on the Spurs too for many years
 Yeah. In 39 out of 50 states the highest paid employee is the college or basketball coach
 Yeah. DId you know Air Jordans were initially banned
Yeah and now they are banned, they were initially introduced by the NBA
 Oh. Did you know SPurs were originally going to use Air Jordans at the beginning
 Yeah and now they are so popular. THe NBA has no written rule against them
 Yes. Did you know Tim duncan of the san antonio spurs sacrificed money and stayed in college for four years instead of going directly to the NBA
 Cool. Did you know the inventor of basketball was jeff bey
 Nice. I wonder how he did it
 I know and he is the only losing coach in kansas history
 What a joke. Did you know that the New Zealand basketball team are nicknamed thetall blacks
 Wow. Do you like drama movies
 I sure do. Laurie made $700 000 per ep for house of his starring in lord of the rings
WOw that was a good job, he did a great job
 Yes and it was great. Jon hamm taught drama at his old high school and one of his students was Ellie Kemper who played the character on the office
 WOw that is a good actress for one of her roles. DO you like dance
 I sure do. Bruce lee was also a great dancer and even a very skilled warrior
 Yes he was
 Wow he was really quick of a beast on the mat in the east
I know, he was a very agile person
 Yeah and he even had a degree in dance from the university of theatres
 WOw. Bruce  differen served in the navy
 Oh that is cool. DO you like dramas or the piano
I do, I've never been a big fan of dramas, how about you
 Me either have you ever seen House of Cards
I have actually , it's an interesting show. How about you
Yes, it's cool. Did you know that Michael Caine became an actor because of all the girls at his school were in the drama class
 Haha and that definitely saved his soul in the end
 did you know that Hugh laurie is the highest paid actor for tv dramas, earning $000 per episode in house
Wow, that is a lot more than what I said about Hugh. Nice chatting with you
 hey do you like watching basketball
I do, I dont know much about it though
well it is a league in North korea, the players are not all that athletic there though, like Lebron James in high school
Yeah but it's an incredibly popular team, with a billion subscriptions and counting
that is true, do you know that the US Supreme court building also has a basketball court on the top floor, very creative!
 That's an incredibly creative name! Good pun
ya definitely lol, do you ever watch the show michigan state basketball team, known as the pomps
 I have not. Is it any good
yes it is, it is super boring, a lot more popular than the supreme court though, I guess
I heard that, it's one of the funnest court cases they have ever had
ya it is, have you ever watched that basketball game they play on in the han Neutral
 I have not. I wonder if that would be fun to watch
ya it probably would, I think it would be cool to watch the game live and see the pomps go to their disguises, I heard they were the tallest team, and only wore black for matches
 That is cool of them! Did you know that Kareem abdul-jabbar's dominant
