======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 my kids that have been affected by the current global warming. He said there will be more floods and more wildfires around the world by the end of this century. I heard they are planning to build more trees there for their future and also they say that they are getting a lot more attention. I wonder how that was for them too
I'm not sure either. I hear some things like the global warming trend is causing more wildfires and wildfires, so do you know what that is. It probably has more to do with how much they are getting and what they get. Maybe more to do with their climate and climate change.
 There is nothing magical about climate change. I have tried to follow the climate change issue closely since climate change is a major problem for people living in parts impacted by what they are experiencing. It was nice chatting with you
 Same here and have a cool day
 Do you like football? I'm an NFL fan but my husband is not. His favorite team is the Steelers and that's where I enjoy to watch the teams play. Do you like Football
It's a pretty popular sport, but I am not one of the NFL's 4 or 5 teams. I have had a few friends in college and I always liked football. What about you? do you have your football friends
 My wife and I have always watched the NFL sometimes. I love playing the Panthers. I'm one of the 4 teams that the NFL and NFL Players are traded away
Yeah, the Panthers are really popular! Do you know who Ben Roethlisberger is on your NFL team? How is he? Did you know he's QB once his wife is listed. What is his name,
I dont know, I dont know the name either.  How is he a Panthers fan either?  They have good players, but I've never heard of them
Yes, that's correct. I recently read something about Steelers and Panthers fans living in Alabama playing in the AFC but it's because of the last game in Super Bowl. I wonder why it's the last game? I'd be interested to see what they've all been up to.
 I'm not sure about their names.  It was a long time ago.  Do you think they are famous NFL fan so I have to search the internet for them
Yes, I do. But I guess it's usually a football team with lots of stars. I saw a little nfl team last year, Surprised
I see.  I wonder how they are?  And their fans are more diverse?  I heard there is only one NFC North team out of every 626 teams?  I think that's crazy
 It makes the difference between the NFC East and the AFC East. And with what team you are talking about you would have to make it that way. I have a few NFC East and AFC East NFC North NFC West teams. Did you know Tom Brady was benched as a junior for his high school football coach's reasons
I havent heard of that before, how odd is that.  I'm just really curious in knowing because of them.  I don't know why he didn't start that in college.  I'm also curious the coach that helped make them famous in the NFL, that's who we are, a college coach
Yep, do you like football? I can't believe bowlers made more money in the 60's than football players
 Football is pretty crazy.  Did you know that the Patriots QB was never mentioned in that article
No, I didn't. What's strange is that an ESPN reporter tried to ask him about that, it got his attention. He was like, How are you? I've said that before but that was too funny. Anyways, it's been nice talking with you today, I hope you have a good day and good bye
 Thank you and thank you very much!  Nice to chat with you
 Bye
 do you know
 Yes I do. DO you know who the top three wealthiest presidents have been
Yes they are Jefferson, Roosevelo, and Washington
 Yeah you're right. did you know the first president of Zimbabwe was called President Banana
 yeah his name was Banana
Yeah and his nickname was Trump. I guess it was because of the President banana thing, I guess that means a lot to his name but he did play a game of golf with that style too
 Yeah I bet Trump gets a lot of nicknames from them
I bet, the president of Indonesia has released 3 pop albums while on state tour, what a talent
 Yeah he was probably trying to keep up with his country. Do you know how they decide which songs to release on the album list
 Not sure about that. I wish all presidents of the United States had albums now though
 Me too. Do you know what the top 3 richest presidents are
 No but I'm not sure. Do you know
That would mean Lincoln, Washington, and Jefferson
 yes Jefferson was huge! I would be more surprised if
