======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 you're gonna give his wife--
He's going to get out. He's looking for work.
Yeah, why not.
You got any money?
Yeah.  I'll show you.
You want to see what he's got?
Yeah.  How about that?
Theo says:
Theo says:
He says:
There's a lot between the lines.  You think they'll stick to "Goodbye, Love."
They're just getting started.  So what now?
Yeah.
No.  You got to be in control.
You'll make the "Tomorrowland" guys a hit.
Just think:  If any of them make it, then all the good guys will fall flat.  This is not a dumb situation:  I'm the guy to Joe, not you.
I'll have to wear number eight.
They still got the numbers?
Theo says:  He's made the right move.  I don't care what number you wear.  I got a guy to wear Number eight.
What are you talking about?
--you go now--
You're the one who wears the "Tomorrowland" clothes--
You see me?  I was on the phone three fucking hours--
--there goes your car--
--and tell your wife to go--
--tell your wife to go here--
--what's the word--
You've got a minute is a customer--
I'm gonna tell your wife to do a walk-around-that-with--
How about that?
You're not making it any easier on yourself.  You gotta know when to come on, when it's the right number for somebody.  Go on.  I'm late--I came on my own.  I've been stonewalling. Can you two go eat a sandwich or something?
Yeah, right--
You look very tired--look at this--look at what's going on down there--all of it's been edited out. It's all over the wall--
How is everybody?
--yes, absolutely--
I want you to work to your death--in our interests--  --why, it's like somebody else is in there--
Yes.
--And you're telling those stories?
Yes.  He says he's got a list of employees that he can talk to, too.  That I've been on the payroll for four years and that his staff will be firing him immediately.
And says he is in charge of file materials.
Yes.
Just so you know--
--to the letter, yes.
--this morning--
I--I'm sorry--
That's a lie.
I quit.
You quit?
It's not my place.  I'm a person who can lie.
Why is it about your job?
Of course not.  I don't have the faintest idea of who I'm going to be.
You're not going to make it?
I'm not going to make it any more.
What are you going to do?
I can't go with you.
Why don't we leave this place?
I thought everything was all set.
Nothing.
What did you want?
How do you want to go about your business?
This time I'll do something about it.
This time I will do something about it!
You are not going to learn anything.
I'm not going out there.
What are you going to do?
I want you to know... my problem is--I'm sorry--
I'm not going to come here.
You need me.  You're making me feel like an outcast who has gone years without seeing anyone else.
I'm here.
There's no reason for you to come here.
I'm not going right now.
Leave me.
You need me to tell you how to do things.  What are you going to do.
No, not anymore.  I'm getting out of here.
Are you afraid of me, or what?  I just want to make you the happiest person I know you can be.  Just give me a smile.
Of course we will.
We'll make new friends.
I know perfectly.
I know this.
That's a great plan.
I'm not going to be your manager.
We'll talk on the phone, okay?
No.
One more question.  Did you say "yes" to Anna's reaction?
Are you really going to be angry about this?
I'm sorry about last night.
All right.  Look, you've been very rude but this could wait.
Sorry.
I don't see why not.
The fact is that we have a very serious problem.
You're saying that you have to be so
