======== SAMPLE 1 ========

the only thing that got in the way of our plans was a phone call.
did they plan on driving us there?
no, they just wanted to see if we and the car they bought were coming to a halt.
how far away is that?
they don't know. maybe a mile or two away.
that's too dangerous.
we can't come to a stop if we don't get out of the car.
then what?
we'll just make a u-turn and drive off the road.
it's too dangerous for kids.
i'd rather die than play with a gun.
the law doesn't protect us.
we have a right to know when a gun is in our pocket.
do you want to get up and leave the house?
no. we can kill you.
you think i would ever give a gun to a child?
just leave the house with me.
there's no danger in leaving the house alone.
children have a right to know when their guns are in their pocket.
the government has a right to know what guns are.
has there been a big police state?
no, there hasn't.
the New York Times, the Washington Post, and other media organizations have all reported on the situation.
has there ever been a major police state?
the nation hasn't been told the truth about any of them.
the only difference is in the name.
who gives a f------ why?
i don't know. sometimes the police make me feel good.
what do you mean?
sometimes they feel like i'm being nice.
i'm just a f------ person.
don't be ridiculous.
what do you mean?
if there's one thing i like to do, it's tow trucks.
tomorrow i'll stop and tow a truck to prayer mongers.
tomorrow i won't let them take over my life.
don't do that.
don't do it. i'll kill you.
but i'll help you if need be.
if need be is your life, then so be it.
if need be is all, then then yes, i will.
if need be is just, then i will.
but always keep an eye on my back.
that's the rule.
when do you get out of the car?
when i need something.
what will you do?
i will mower and vacuum.
that sounds a lot easier than mowing the lawn.
then why don't you do the laundry?
i will, just like i did the night we left the house.
when will the laundry be done?
i'll be home at 8:30.
i'll be glad when the fire is extinguished.
if you want to go outside, you'll have to go through this whole time.
my friend Ivanhoe got divorced.
now he has three kids.
so do all of us.
are you going to start a family?
yes. all we're going to do is keep going.
are you going to start a family or will we be happy?
we will be happy, but only if our kids are born.
only if they are. will they be happy?
no. when their little ones grow up, they'll be away from them.
are you going to start a family?
my wife and i will not be together.
that is not good for the family.
it is. we will lose all of our children.
our baby girl will be 6 years old.
that is terrible news.
it's even worse than losing your baby.
what's worse is losing a good father.
not to have a good father.
to have a father who is good-hearted.
a good father brings new hope to people's lives.
a father who follows his son around is a good father.
not to have a good father brings hope to people in need.
not to have a good father brings hope to mebbe residents.
i'll say. i've been talking to everyone i've talked to.
do you know what dad is?
yes, i've only heard of dad once.
did he ever take medication to stop his bouts of manic depression?
no, i've never seen him take medication to stop his manic depression.
so he's not a father?
not in a million years, i'm sure, but i'm always interested in his personal stories.
he always told me that he lost his son, ralph, in a car crash.
no, he said he had a son to look up.
thirty five minutes left.
what do you mean?
i meant, do you know what he's going to do about his son?
no, i haven't heard anything back.
that's not good.
no,
