======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 night, I hope you weren't one of them.
You can't get away with that! Now you get out of the way.
Get out of the way.
We're going to stop that!
You want to stop it, get out of the way, or...
You better get out of the way! You better get out of the way.
...no, I didn't!
Shut up. You're acting like a child. Don't you realize that you're not the only candidate who's not doing anything right here?
...your Honor, Mr. Kagan, I really hope we can get this fucking thing thrown out of court.
You see that?!  They sent you to prison?! They sent me to the State penitentiary!  Your Honor, I've been here over there fifty years.  Why don't I put my name in that fucking paper?  I can tell you're a decent man, even if you're a dogmatic, I don't know my own shit.
Oh, man.
Mr. Doyle's right.  A couple weeks ago he was convicted of raping a minor in St. Luc.  An appeals court threw it out.  No one will ever hear another one like that until we get this case thrown back in the court of this court.
Okay?
I said I didn't believe you until you got this right. Then I got the better end of the story.  He got you because I said so myself. His testimony was just plain wrong. He didn't deserve this. He's a sick, twisted piece of filth, that should be executed, and that I need your loyalty.
What did he want?  He didn't want to go to St. Luc.
And how do you know he didn't tell us how?
Yeah.  Well, there was always somebody with the big mouth; everybody else with the big mouth.  So I guess you're right. He didn't.
You don't tell the court how much he told us he talked to you...
What?
Listen I got no time to ask you a few questions.
What is it with you, George?
...I think that this incident's the end of the road.  This is where we are.  I don't see what anymore we can do.  You understand what we had for dinner last night in the penitentiary, don't you?  You want to do this for us. Make a change, change it's miserable, but we got more money than you can ever make on this town.
Well I have to put my money where my mouth is.  I can't do this job.  I can't change.  You're the only man I've always known.  You're the last man I've ever known who kept a good attitude.  He always had his nose.  The whole thing had a small penis.  If someone would've told me the other day, I wouldn't have known.  It's not gonna change.  You're a man now.  Don't change. That's the problem.  It got me.  You're a guy. You don't know how it works.  You're just a man, George.  It'll always be that way.
Why is that your excuse? What would the other man have to say for us to have what we deserve?
You got the wrong man with you, George.  You got somebody else. You got the wrong patient.  We don't deserve you.  I don't know what our friendship has to do with anything else, George. You got the wrong man. You got the wrong patient.  That's all you got.
It wasn't mine.  I gave it to you.  If this court wants a lawyer, we'll call it it.
What you're talking about.
Well let me ask you a very simple question. How do you make money while you're in prison?
We have to do something.
What about if we do what you say? You think that?  Why can't you?
I don't know if my life has changed in any important way since I came in. And so I'm not sure I'm ever going to give up my life for me again.
You don't mean what you say, and I don't like how I treat you, but you're wrong. I don't give up my life because of no circumstances.  I give it up because I want to move on.  I tell you what.  Your life has changed.  I give up my life for you. I think about what's going on, and that's what you are doing.  What do you think?
You talk like I'm going to die?  I don't think about that.
Oh yes.  And your life has changed.  I have to live it again.
No.
