======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 My life would probably be better if it was more colorful
 I know there are many different types of songs, I wonder if they'll be familiar or unfamiliar ones
 Do you know the theme of the week in Japan
Yes, I do like the theme, It was inspired by Japan and Japan in general, Surprised
 That's cool, Do you know much about Japan? I didn't know most of it. Nice chatting
Hello, do you follow Google
Yes, I think they have a few different searches that are different than search engine results
 I do too sometimes, how about you
Google's search engine algorithm is pretty crazy, there are actually so many ways it can go wrong. Like they are not only using a single element, but also their own website
I've probably used more than google or something but probably never got around to it though. You'll not hear about it until the search engine comes up soon. Do you know who put on it
Yes, yeah. Do you know who put on Amazon's website? Did you know they were originally launched as a grocery giant? I didn't know that
Oh, I didn't even know when they started
 Yeah. The idea originated from Canada while Amazon. I didn't know that you could buy groceries for a penny. Wow, I wonder why Amazon has such long life history for that one
 I wouldn't know, I wonder how long Amazon has been online in the first place as a company. I'm sure they had no clue that there was an Amazon Prime deal back in the 90s
 It is like a giant online shopping empire, with all the crazy deals and crazy deals, that is a giant problem
I wonder how many billions of dollars of new deals are being made, the guy from Finland was at the top of his list of best selling books
 He's the founder of the largest internet retailer in the world, Amazon
Yeah, he's been at times. He had just launched a new website that now has more than 4 million pageviews and just over 5.7 million
He's a really bright leader from the world of computing. You know I heard about what he did with it before
I thought I knew that. Did you know that when Facebook started, they were not a real product
Yeah, well, yes I did know that. It's amazing how much Facebook is worth now. Did you know how you can buy your way to immortality
Yes,  I thought all the other companies with billions of dollars in their stock were founded on a different ideology
I guess I wonder what people believe today and what kind of belief systems people are putting in those
 That would be ironic.  I wish people were as religious as they are.  You know I'm the only one now who still has all the answers for all of the options. I'm still going to watch my grandchildren's radio after they start to listen to it
Yeah,  I do. I've always thought back to when they came to TV. That was always going to be my favorite. Now though
Yeah, i wish they stopped putting ads on TV! I also think ads in the early days would be good.  My kids still go out and watch it.  
They are actually better than Facebook, which used the social media to become a media company for almost as long as they wanted
That's not true.  And I am really not surprised that Facebook has just started using 3rd party applications to build a website, but you don't listen to that stuff
 I agree. Facebook is so useful at creating a business, though its very boring to watch these people walk around with your children and their food on the other side of the world
 The idea of a social media giant is pretty cool from a product perspective, but maybe that's just a product perspective that makes sense, I've always thought it was something that was useful for the people.  Facebook has an interesting idea as a business strategy.  It could be a social platform that will have the potential to change the way people think,  or it could just be a social entity with a simple website.  Did you know Facebook has been around for over 100 years
Yeah, I think Facebook is the best choice for doing this. I think Facebook is the better choice for going outside of the mainstream.  They have created a new idea of a social website and a platform that they hope will become a social platform for the rest of time
 I guess I'm not going to go down that rabbit hole.  Maybe they can make some other move on their marketing and Facebook
 Yeah and Facebook has a way to really change consumer decision regarding things.  Maybe Facebook doesn't have a choice.  Like, who created reddit and why
Yeah, It's been awhile ago, did you know that the creator of YouTube created a new youtube channel?  I don't know, but I have no idea, I guess it was around when it started
I believe it. I used to be a bit
