======== SAMPLE 1 ========
's just like the one in the Simpsons where Bart is only described as having 3 pairs of ears
 Did you hear about the old school Simpsons, they had twins Bart and Bart-Bart
Yes, I did and they were the original twins. I would like to see one like that. In the US, the name of the town is Springfield. It was created by a Springfield man named Springfield
 It's amazing how the Simpsons were adapted for the US. Apparently, a female character in Homer's story had a boyfriend/girlfriend/teammates relationship with him. That's kind of funny
 Did you ever watch the movie Frasier? It was calledThe Hangover
 I watched both of them. It was a great movie because the female character got into the plot and made the dialogue and the cast so much better than the male actors. I think it makes me chuckle more because of the female role
 I thought it was a great movie and also the guy played the boy in the story as the character
He did. I like Frasier. However, it makes it seem like the movie was actually a satire on a real character. Apparently, they had a long relationship that lasted about 10 years as well. lol
 It was nice talking to you today
 Have a good day
Hello, how are you today
 Hello. I heard about the show Frasier. That's the show where the girls from the fictional town
 Good morning. It was great talking with you! Have you seen the show
Hello, yes it sounds so funny, I wonder if you have seen it
Hello, yes i haven't. I don't even know how to swim around haha
I can swim, I'm sorry but that probably got to a place of high risk then haha
 Yeah, that is really cool and apparently the girls weren't allowed to have babies because, Surprised
Yeah, it is funny I didn't know that so it only goes on for a year though. You
 I wonder how long it will be. Did you know there is only one episode of Frasier that aired on Fox and NBC
I didn't, I thought the Simpsons was very good too
 Yes, I was really sad to see that though as well. Did it last any time
Well, it lasted forever haha. Have a nice day
 Nice chatting with you about your day
 So true. I really hope the show can be as good as the Simpsons did. I really liked it. I heard the cast had a lot of problems. They really messed up so often since the story and the choices they made in it. I think its fun though. Did you know that Simpsons has only been in three of the 50 most popular TV shows in broadcast history
 Wow. Did you hear about it though? I never knew that Frasier was only about a comedy, and that it was in the 1960s/1970s and the drama genre. What do you mean
Oh that is funny, interesting, that sounds really funny! The people that was involved in the show are so funny, I was actually surprised to learn in episode 3 to not have an ep about one of their favorite dramas. But, I was surprised that it was not the Simpsons or Frasier, but the people associated with them all
Interesting. Interesting. And that is how the Simpsons aired that show in the UK on Fox and they got a free weekly show. That would have been a great experience though, if the UK had the freedom to choose
It would have been interesting to see how Fox did it, if they had the freedom to do it the US would have been another great success. If they couldn't choose to do it, did they think that would make the other networks like the network that is also owned by the Simpsons like The Simpsons, did you think that would have been a long time ago
Yeah, the first season of frasier was really nice. I think it has a great story and makes a lot of people aware of the importance of comedy
Yeah, especially on frasier. The show has become an all around success because the cast and crew makes so much money, I did not know that I didn't see the first Frasier on air on Fox and NBC. I really liked that show too
Yes its really popular, I like that show haha. I don't know if I watch too much now or after. Its really funny. Maybe in the future the show might be more popular. Well, thanks for your chat
 Hello. Do you watch any comedies that aired before the holidays? I think you've already guessed that haha, Surprised
 Yes I do. What do you think about the holiday season?  Did you know that there is such a thing as a break-even year and the average viewers for a break-even season is only 11.7%
I had never imagined that, I know, it would be such a tough, sad thing to happen to a family
Well,
