======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 far too soon. Do you know what type of foods you might want to eat?
I think a preference for carbs over meat. What are your plans this month?
I'm going to Diablo!
Nice, where is that place? I haven't been there
hours drive from here. still in bay area
That's cool! How long is the hike?
 Actually no idea, but it will take the entire day for that.
nice! sounds fun!
Hi!
Hey there! What's up???
Nothing much, how you doin?
I'm in New York this week for Thanksgiving. I'm squatting in the office today and I caught up with an old friend of mine :D
Oh wow! Sounds like fun! When was the last time you had seen this friend?
The last time in New York, back in June.
Ohh okay. I was going to say if it had been a long time maybe it'd be awkward...
Haha, I guess if it's been a very long time there's almost too many life events to catch up on.. especially recently
Oh really? Has a lot changed in your life recently?
Haha it's probably too much to go into at the moment. Let's just say life is an exciting experience. How about you?
Ahhh sounds exciting indeed! My life is pretty bland. I like routine, but sometimes I wish I had more time for adventures!
What kinds of adventures?? Any ones that I would be able to join you on?
Hmmmm. I really want to try bull riding. Do you have any interest in that?
I'd love to try! Can we schedule something for next week?
Sure! What does your Saturday look like?
Saturday looks pretty good, shall we shoot for something in the morning?
Hi!
hey
is it raining pretty bad today?
yeah, can walk too far to see all the foodtruck options
surprising that the rain started early this year... I don't like them too much. They make days gloomy
yeah but I think it's good to have some rainy days in bay area, it's pretty dry here 😛
Where I grew up, we had lots of water trouble too...
yeah like wise, I've seen a pretty bad snowstorm when I was at my undergrad school, all flights canceled and traffics went down
Haha... I don't think I can survive in that weather ever. Just the rains at 50 degrees make me want to sit in heated rroms
yeah how do you like it in bay area though? I think we need more rain here
people say there is drought here... but we have4 hours water supply here ... lol... never seen that in a drought ridden area
it is pretty dry in the mountains I believe, that's what causes fire
hmm.... okay. Climate change talk this morning was pretty darn interesting. did you see it?
nope, what does it say?
they were talking about how AI is helping climate change. Nice use of upcoming tech.
Hi.
Helloooooo!
How are you? How is your day?
Good. Don't have much to do today, feels good. How are you?
I'm dressed very wel today so I feel good! I've been reading a lot about the psychology of positive outlook.
So what's your outlook? Something blue?
Yes. Blue is a tranquil colour. It's a good metaphor. Do you have good advice for positivity?
You should drink more water, do some push up, and sleep early.
Hi!
Hey, how are you?
I'm a bit sad. I miss my cat.
Oh no… Have you sent out the missing cat posters? Hope your cat is alright!
Posters is a great idea. So far I've just tried banging her catfood dish and shouting her name. Anyway, how is your day going so far?
Yea, I know they love the plastic bag sound all the time. I am good, nothing special though.
If you could go anywhere on vacation, where would you go?
I like rainforest, but I know it requires extensive training beforehand.
I heard there are rainforests in southeast Asia where you can zipline from tree to tree.
I am afraid I will be scared of doing this :)
I won't lie, it sounds scary. I'm scared right now just thinking about it.
I don't know if there is any medication for acrophobia. I want to take plenty of it if I really have to do it.
If there isn't one, you should invent it, and then make millions
That's a great idea! Maybe alcohol is such a thing.
Ha! Don't drink and zipline, mate!
Oops. I won't do it again. Ha
Hi!
Hey sup
not much
