======== SAMPLE 1 ========
  Did you know that the US Congress is referred to as the upper chamber of Congress by the regular people in large quantities
 I did not. That makes more sense
I know right, congress is great for having a big amount of money. Did you know Elmo is the only non-human to testify in the us senate
Elmo?  Maybe since we can't afford him, so should we?  But the President needs to just do what he has to do. Just by signing the Park Act.  I would like to be an Elmo
Maybe, but you can't sell socks without selling them. LOL. I didn't know the Senate use the same gavel for 165 years until Nixon cracked it
I also think he was trying to find something new to say.  So, the gavel is the one that he was supposed to be using.  He was an attorney.  Did you know that astronauts change their diapers using dirty diaper changes
 That was an interesting statistic. I wonder how they do that? Does anyone still get a sealed tub at oll too
They do it because of age restriction, if you can believe it.  I'm just wondering if they still use that gavel
Yes I am thinking the same thing, they probably get a weird type of treatment. It is funny how the US only passed a law protecting Jupiter's amoral monster as aliens, but I think that law passed out because it was against the law of physics
Well, if aliens had cold ears, they might hear a lot of aliens.  But, they have good ears.  A finnish station broadcastsNuntii Latini, an weekly news program conducted entirely in classical latin
 So strange to me as well. And speaking of strange facts but did you know that UNICEF donates clean water when people don't use your cellphone
If I was on my phone, I would have donated, but I didn't know they did it for clean water
 I did learn that. It was nice chatting with you
 You as well. Have a great weekend
 Hey there. How are you doing? I think it's a good honor to chat with you
Hi there, I am doing good, thanks for asking. How are you doing today
 It sure was a great chat! I really enjoy talking about sports. I do like to watch football too lol! Have a great day
 Are you surprised that more super bowl money is spent in the US than other sports
 I was actually surprised as well. Maybe is a good way to cut down on the gym related expenses as well lol
 Me too lol. Maybe if more people went to the Super Bowl would the money be more used in sports as well
 I am not a fan of super bowl marketing but it is an interesting idea to collect the revenue. Maybe if they went to another level they would have better things to do before going to the super bowl as they spend more money on actual spending
 Exactly! It would have to be a lot more to come to a conclusion though. Did you know the average NFL game only has 11 minutes of live gameplay as opposed to 60 mins and 17 seconds on live tv
 I think that it is way more than an average game or 11 minutes of actual game which is interesting considering I live in Phoenix I think it can be pretty crazy if you think about how many times you see that actual gameplay
 I agree! I believe they put tracking chips in the players shoulder pads so they can track stuff like velocity and rotation and location. I'm not 100% on the chip but I think they do work for stuff like that. Do you know something we should invest in though
 I think it would be interesting to go to another place. I don't actually but we have soccer on the world cup  lol
 Soccer sure would be one of the most discussed topics in the worl but it would also bring so much attention to the Olympics and World Cup. Even ESPN won an emmy for the superimposed graphics for the first world cup in 1930
 ESPN deserved the emmy because it was the only one who won it without air time like they did for the Olympics too where it only showed for 45 minutes
Yeah I am not a fan of air time, but I think the ads are geared toward younger audiences so maybe it would be more effective but still I think it was smart of IGN to do something positive on the internet with our free time haha, what do you think
 Do you watch soccer
 I do in particular love soccer.  I don't get that the Americans call it soccer because it was slang for association football but it certainly was used in the majority of their sports for years 
 I agree.  A little sad though that the 2022 World cup is only going to get more hype than it already is and probably will make the players more and more look bad doing about it
 lol I think they are doing really ok with it.  Especially when you think about an American team that came into the world series only in 6th
