======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 this is the first time I heard from a boy who cares about humidity and lot in terms of humidity. I haven't gone through the process of shaping my values. What about you?
I'd say that I want to live more
haha.. that seems extreme. What does your son like to do for fun?
He's like to read for fun. he's like a super person. you?
The most recent book that I read is the one about human potential and was about to graduate school.
ohh, same here. I also like SF books by Christopher Chism!
Oh really? What is "romanticinity"
Romanticinity is the idea that you and the next person you meet have a thing in common. Some people do just that, but a lot of famous people, such as Diana Ross and David Bowie.
Oh cool! What's "romanticinity" you?
It's the idea that you and the next person you meet have something in common. You may or not be super into zoos and aquariums. But yeah, I want to be a bit more eco-friendly in my life now. So what is your favorite thing to do?
I prefer to think about things eco-friendly, so I'm quite a fan. Recently I've been cloud gazing 🙂
Oh cool! What's your favorite place to visit?
Youtube has over 99.000 subscribers ! So I'm going to have to thank them later.
Oh my gosh. What do you plan to do about this?
I think I would stay home and watch the game. I'm quite happy in my life 🙂
What are your top favorite games?
 I can't wait for the next instalment. Do you have any fun plans?
I'm actually a cardiologist in Palo Alto. You?
Thats pretty cool! I'm a sofa tester in cupertino.
I'm not sure I know what that is.
well its very simple, I test how comfortable sofas are.
Lol. Not to be elitist but...that's a real job?
Yeah! It is a very demanding job, requires a carefully crafted set of skills. They pay is really good too.
Hi!
Hello. Deja Vu.
what does that mean?
It's French for "already seen." I know it's used when you see something for the second time or you have the feeling that something has happened before and you're re-experiencing it.
Interesting. I get that feeling sometimes. It just feels that the event is replaying. Wonder why it happens?
I think it's your mind lapsing somehow.
How do you feel?
I think I'm like a robot.
Do you have any suggestions for the store?
Admit my favorite store is Target, plus they often have good deals.
Ah that's great. My wife also likes Target a lot. She even made a Target credit card because she comes to that store very often. Okay thanks for the suggestion. I'll check out Target.
Great, I hope you find a nice tree.
Hi!
Hey
How's your day going?
pretty good. yours?
Ehh it's fine. I didn't do so well on that history test, actually..
oh what happened?
Apparently Christopher Columbus didn't fight in the Civil War :')
hahah wait for real?
I know right! Are you taking History next semester?
No I'm not in school anymore
Oh I see. What do you do?
I train and compete in horse vaulting
Oh wow. Were you born a horse, or were you turned into one?
lol you're too funny
Just kidding. That sounds pretty cool! Is it your job?
Yeah, but I part time work on a farm. Helping with a bit of everything
Wow, sounds very busy! Do you with money at those horse vaulting competitions?
Yeah some. enough to get by
Hi!
Hello
Do you have a favourite flower?
hmm, I haven't thought about that much, but i think lotus should be one of my favorites. Why do you ask?
I'm working on a theory. Why does the lotus spring to mind?
Nice! Lotus looks pretty cool and It has some delightful vibe. So what is this research about?
Oh, it's not research! Just a personal theory. I think that flower preferences are more revealing of personality than people appreciate.
Interesting! Whats your favorite flower?
The gerbera. It's like a cartoon flower. As if you drew "flower" with a crayon and then it came to life.
Nice, i would love know more about your theory. Like how you can deduce personality from flower preference.
Ok, step is, you ask someone what their favourite flower is. Pretty
