======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 jokes.
do you mind?
did you hear what jay said.
okay, i'll listen to what he has to say.
he's a good liar.
good lookin'.
never been more sure of his looks.
i thought he was pretty much out of school.
what happened?
i had the worst night of his life.
he admitted he had the worst night of his life, and he yelled too many times.
i can't believe it.
how bad did it happen?
it happened one night about a dozen times.
i got really angry with him.
what did you do?
i gave him a hard time.
i didn't have much fun doing it.
i was bored.
what have you done?
i've got a date tomorrow night.
really?
of course. who doesn't love?
i don't know.
i thought you knew.
i didn't know.
why are you getting mad at me?
i'm getting up.
why didn't you come to my house?
i didn't want to scare you.
why's that?
i really don't want to see you.
i think you're pretty cute.
what's wrong with that?
no, not in my house.
i would love to see you sometime.
i'll get you a ticket right away.
what are you going to do?
i'm a little excited, too.
well, just like that.
i'm going to steal a car from him.
i don't think he has a gun.
he said he'd shoot him if he saw how often he went to a gun show.
did he tell you to knock on the door?
yes, it will wait.
i'm going to knock on the door.
okay. i'll help you.
bring him in.
i'm having a man party.
who gets the money?
i'll give him $2,000.
that's a lot of money.
he gives you $1,000.
but i'll give you $7 for the keyboard.
well, it only costs you 300 dollars.
you're forgetting to write down what i wrote.
you write down what the weather is, and then you subtract.
what are you going to do?
tell me the weather charts.
what's the weather like?
i've got a baseball game at 8 a.m.
probably not.
i'll just wait until it's dark.
then you wouldn't happen to know what time it is.
i don't know.
someone you'd want to be friends with.
yes, you'd have to be very careful about that.
you're not supposed to be watching my keyboard.
but that's what i'm trying to tell you.
you're supposed to be using the online shopping site.
do you know what happened?
i think i ran out.
that was a great runout.
how long was it down?
it was about a month.
i'm telling you, you're not supposed to be watching my keyboard.
well, i got a lot of online traffic.
better than you.
i don't believe it.
tell me what you saw.
it was not interesting.
what did you mean?
you mean, it wasn't exciting?
yes, it was not very interesting.
that's not your signature.
every computer should be doing something like this.
did you see that mouse?
that's a digital digital digital digital digital digital digital digital digital digital digital digital digital digital digital digital digital digital digital digital digital digital digital digital digital digital digital digital digital digital digital digital digital digital digital digital digital digital digital digital digital digital digital digital digital digital digital digital digital digital digital digital digital digital digital digital digital digital course.
what are you talking about?
i saw that digital digital digital digital digital digital digital digital digital digital digital digital digital digital digital digital digital digital digital digital digital digital digital digital digital digital digital digital digital digital digital digital digital digital digital digital digital digital digital digital digital digital digital digital digital digital digital.
what kind of store is this?
i'll give you $20 until the end of the month.
what does that cost?
i don't know, it just cost me a lot of money.
was it expensive?
it was very expensive.
it came with a lot of money.
did you have to stop listening toibelius?
yes. i stopped listening to him.
now you're listening to his songs.
i'm listening to all the others.
i can't listen to them.
stop listening.
i don't want to go to that musical institute.
why not?
they might give you a job.
i don't want a job.
what's on tv?
nothing
