======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 know they have tracking devices in the lea it is to prevent hacking
Yeah, I'm sure that they used to use old fashioned ballpoint charts
 Yeah that is cool. Do you like basketball
I don't even have a favorite team anymore, do you
 I used to follow it a lot. But now I don't. How about you
I grew up in the US but they aren't very good right now, I was like 5th in the first tournament when I was in high school
 I saw a YouTube video about that. Didn't know Kareem Abdul Jabbar dominated so much college it must've been weird for him. They had to go to the YMCA like everyone else
I see, they should have gone a lot harder with them, what do you think about the US Supreme Court
 I think that's one of the most interesting courts of the US. I've always noticed their yellow paint on their court uniforms. What do you think of that
I think it's probably the best basketball court in the world, a lot of people put tennis and basketball on their vacations
Oh yeah! You never know, they probably have a huge snow volcano under their mansion. I'd like to go check that out
That would be awesome, like a volcano on the moon though
 Yep! I do love watching the show the Simpson's in the UK. Have you ever seen that? Apparently during the 70s they tried to remake the show in the UK without success
I heard that as well, I think it was cancelled like 30 years before it was a hit, so I'm glad they didn't do that
Yeah, I didn't. Did you know that the only US president to EVER be elected during a president's term of two years was Woodrow Wilson
I didn't know that, that's pretty amazing. I should have guessed the same. Do you know what was the name of the first president of Zimbabwe? President Banana? I don't think he ever got to speak in a President's speech haha, Surprised
Yes I wish I did, but I like presidents too much to be president
Ahh you're right, well with the two parties switching in popularity you are going to see an even bigger split over the presidency next election, the runner up for President would automatically become the vice president, that would be nice but the President of Indonesia is also a pop star haha
Hahaha that would be interesting, there has to be a better way to go about running the country now, the president of indonesia has released 3 pop album in office
 That's pretty cool I think that is funny but that is just about right and Trump is one of the richest presidents in history. Did you know that up until 1805 the runner up in the US presidential elections automatically became vice president
Yup, they would have gotten people fired soon! It's crazy that Teddy Roosevelt banned Christmas Trees from the White House, I wonder why, Surprised
That is very crazy! You know what I would buy more Christmas trees? The White House has a replica of the White House, its actually a lot more updated than the actual White House
Yup that is amazing, what do you think about the white house that is for sure though
 It has twin buildings in Ireland and in France! Pretty cool! They have solar panels put back I think they should put those up though too
That is very cool, did you know they still use floppy discs
No I didn't know that! I hear that too! I wonder if they still store their files there? Well if that is the case it must be good to know you're never without a copy of the internet haha
Hahaha I just read that, I'm going to have to look that up. I wonder if there are any old radio dramas out there? Well I can't wait until I find thousands of them online online haha
 Well at least those old dramas can be found for free on the internet. What do you think about Teddy Roosevelt
Oh man, Teddy Roosevelt is one of the greatest Presidents, and one of us have some of his books
 Yes he was amazing
He and John Quincy Adams both were staunch communists, but I doubt they were very nice people
Oh right I bet they were very nice people! Speaking of presidents, did you know the three richest are jfk, washington and jefferson? It must be adjusted for inflation, Surprised
 I guess that their wealth is accounted for
Yes that is correct. And also I would assume trump is on the list, but I do not think his dad was
 Yeah. I don't know if they have owned his books or not but I think you are right! It is hard to know which side you are on
I think it is for the most part for the best though, we should be grateful for all the good our presidents do
 Yes I agree with that too! Have you ever visited the White House
Yes, I read it once
