======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 the world while we are still in our current reality. I am curious. We need to take note of that
 The internet is full with information. I am addicted now
Yes, it is hard to keep track of what is happening in the world
 It certainly is. I read a long time ago that there was a sequel to the web in development as a service
 That is amazing. I wonder how it was developed. One of the goals was to make the entire world accessed from the US
 That's a great question. I have not seen the original. Are there any pictures any on there
I have not, but perhaps they were taken on some remote island, the name itself is an apt name. Do you listen to rap
Yes, I have been listening to a few. I just heard that you can not beat Kanye talking. Who is your favorite artist and why
 He is an entertaining one. I can be very disagreeing with him but listening to him helps me sort myself
Indeed. I think it might help to relieve the stress and stress-free life. However, I also enjoy listening to Eminem. He is very talented
I agree, I would like to hear more of his work and see if I could buy one of the albums he did with his daughter. I know that some of his concerts would attract a lot of people
 He will always be one of the biggest stars. I was surprised to see that his daughter attended West Side Story 2. Did you ever watch it
Yes, the story line is neat
The first one was really good, it was hilarious. But at the end of the show, it got worse. Anyway, so its not a classic-era story! What do you think
 I think its pretty funny that Kanye went to a concert so late! He went to 324 which was a huge portion of his salary in 2006
Wow, and his daughter did the same with Drake. Drake went off on his first tour and only stopped touring at 12. I think that is a crazy chunk of money
 Yes! And his wife. Im sure they are rich now. She is in the family with big hits. One thing is for sure- she is the co founder
Yes, her song 'Lovely', did well at the Golden Globe awards for Best Rap Album
 I've heard of her. She's great. I would like to see her do another album! What is your favorite thing about dancing
Oh, I love dancing too. I love ballet. I even saw some dancers practice before the show on youtube
That would be one reason to buy a new one. But yes, I agree that you can learn so many interesting moves by watching one. How about you? Do you like dance
 I am trying to learn to dance! It's the fastest way to go so much faster! Tupac danced ballet
 That is amazing he was. Ballet is a fun sport for sure
I wonder how many pairs of shoes he had to go through before he got famous. I bet he was able to, after all, he was the Mouse King in a ballet production
 He probably was! I bet no one was as hard on himself as ballet dancers! Professional ballet dancers go through 4 pairs of ballet shoes a week
I wonder whether there is any money in that lol!  Speaking of money, Tupac was also a ballet dancer in high school
 That's interesting! He was really good at it. It's shocking that ballet was only introduced in Poland so there won't be many popular dances in the United States
I heard that too!  That is interesting.  It's been fun chatting,  have a good weekend
 Are you a fan of rap music
Yea, I still like some of the older stuff like the West African griot tradition by Tupac and Emeniochi
Well I like both, they were the most influential people to rap music in the West African culture
Yeah, both have been very influential in a way. I wonder if any of the famous rappers like Busta Rhymes have also been an influence on rap
Maybe, he was the voice of the Reptar wagon in the Rugrats movie
Oh okay, I did like Busta Rhymes. I wonder what movie the Reptar wagon was in
Probably not much, I only saw a few videos of it in school, though I guess it's more than rap. What about you
Yea I like Korean rappers too, they rappers have acompliein style
That sounds cool! Apparently, Tupac Shakur was a dancer and also a Griot fan
I would love to record some songs for music for TV, even though I'd really love to just watch it on youtube and never check it out
Me too, I just watched youtube in college about the dances of korea with babies. They must be the fastest on their phones, lol
Oh wow, I can't imagine making my phone even faster. Have you ever played any of the Nintendo Entertainment System games

