======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 are for all different uses
 Yes and I've seen them used in museums and on maps lol. Their are so many different breeds and tribes all over the world
Yes, very true. They've been there from Vietnam and all that time.  So basically their are like 5 big houses
 No I think most people's love their pets, Surprised
 Yep. That is so true. I just love them.  Did you know there are 12 different blood types that a dog may have
 I wonder how many different breeds a dog may have! Did you know that dogs and elephants are the only animals that can respond to pointing
Interesting.  I was reading about dogs living in Istanbul, I think they have vending machines for their stray dogs.  Kind of like a dog cafe
 I really like getting my dog into it! Do have a favorite dog cafe
Cats is too funny, I like Denny the Cat and the Flipper, they are so cute
 Oh cool. Did you watch the show the office with Jamie Lee Curtis
 I didn't it was pretty boring
 It was really good.  It's one of my favorites and she is the highest paid reality star in the world.  I actually won a lot of awards for that.  The Office was good.  It's been on for 30 years
Interesting, she is actually the highest paid tv watcher.  I might have to rewatch it now.  I just bought the latest Netflix.  It's worth $2 billion
 That is so much money!  I don't know if you like dvds or shows but I still like sports.  Tennis in particular is a really popular sport
 Tennis is a really popular sport in general.  I played for my grandpas last trip.  Didn't quite get the experience.  Did you know that if the right player is on the court, the other team has 11 different teams
 I did not know that actually.  How many 11?  I know those 11 were used during Wimbledon when Federer was the one on the losing end of the table when it came to singles titles.  I know the average tennis fan never really used that info
 Yeah i would have to agree with you.  Tennis is not as hot as it used to be.  Back then polo shirts were not banned in their day but tennis fans still wore them.  I don't know if you understand though
 Me either... But I did see that shirts were originally invented for tennis and later adopted by polo players. ...and now they are basically worn by the whole sport
 Nice chatting!!!  One last fact before we start but the White House has twin building
Yes, I heard about that, I wonder what they are used for
It isn't just for music, it is also used for manufacturing building parts for automobiles
Yeah, it seems like a good idea to have something that interferes with.  I would not want to work in a similar area though
 You can get a lot of different cars parts with just a few calls to the #1 Brand named after President Lincoln
It just so happens to be South Africa, I believe it's legal there to do this, one reason I have a problem with their cars
Oh I see.  That is a cool fact, but also a very false one, you wouldn't want to go over there in South Africa, have you ever been
No I haven't but I have heard about it, it must be so hard to do.  Did you the White House still uses floppy disks
Yes, I remember those, at my kid's babysitter's place, I think I have seen one before
Yes and it is to save on the real thing, save theie boy they got in from the White House burnt to an A-
That is a good one, I have seen my kids use those things, I know they have a soft spot for Cadillacs and everything, not for guitars, but really for guitars
Yes for guitars, do you ever play a guitar? Or any musical instruments (which).  I play trumpet, but I'm not necessarily in that group of jazz that playh a piano just beyond my fifth
 I have been playing all my life but I find that I am in that group right now!  My girlfriend is a jazz guitarist and one of her favorite bands played the ban Hank Halliday.  Do you play any instruments
I didn't know that about her, do you play any instruments? I have a guitar that used to be a rat ear for sure, but apparently is very strong
Yes, I played the guitar for a little while.  I love them, they are both pretty goo but I like music more.  I learned that a group of people broke into the White House using a coin in an effort to locate them since they were found the last time someone broke into it
That is a fun fact and a good way to find the White House for sure lol
