======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 something so you feel more confident about the work you do.
Yeah. Some people underestimate the importance of planning, but I think it's very important to have the correct plan. Executing the wrong plan is terrible. Also, planning is fun. You can stack up so many ideas and get great feedbacks.
True! I think we should set aside some time to discuss some project details? Does tomorrow afternoon work for you?
Yeah tomorrow afternoon works for me. Let me set a time on your calendar. Is 3pm good?
Okay. See tomorrow then.
see you!
Hi!
Hello
Nice to meet you! Is this your first time doing something like this?
Yes, interesting task! When did you start with the team?
I have been with the company for over 3 years. Stick with the same team What about you?
Great to know! I joined the project earlier in the year. I think we should sync later for lunch.
That sounds like a perfect plan!
Sure, which cafe do you prefer?
Let's try something different. What about <REDACTED_TERM>? Do you always prefer lunch sync over regular meeting syncs?
Yeah right, I heard the food there is good. I am not sure what they serve there for lunch? On wednesdays.
We can check the menu then decide :)
Actually, the menu looks good. Looking forward to it then.
Sure. See you then!
Hi!
Hello. How's your week coming along?
It's great, thanks. I'm trying to learn how to make croissants.
Wow that's interesting. I have baked cookies, but croissants seem much more sophisticated. Did you make any progress?
I've done them once or twice so far, but they haven't been flakey enough. I'm trying to figure out why. What kind of cookies have you made?
Mint chocolate chips. I think your croissants not being flakey could have something to do with your oven's temperature.
Ah, good thought, thanks!
Have you thought about melting some chocolate into your croissants? They don't have to be something unhealthy. For example, melted dark chocolate is good for the heart, and makes the resulting croissants taste much better.
Now that is a good idea. I'll give it a try next time. Would you say you have a sweet tooth?
Yes. When my top favorite food looks likecookies, M&M, danish cheese, etc., I know that I have a thing for sweet food. But who doesn't love sweet food? How about you?
Some people don't! But yeah, me too, I think I'd eat pastries all the time if I could get away with it.
Yeah I'm afraid I wouldn't. I feel very guilty every time I gulp down an ice cream. But hey, these days there are many types of guilt-free sweet food. For example, there's this ice cream brand called <REDACTED_TERM>. It's only 320 calories a pint. And yes, it preserves most of the normal sweet flavors.
Wow! The last time I paid attention to that sort of stuff was when <REDACTED_TERM> was being marketed as a fat substitute, and caused all sorts of crazy stomach upsets.
Interesting. I heard about the sweet substitute in a program called the Keto diet. Basically, we try to limit our sugar intake every day. Successful Keto dieters have recommended the <REDACTED_TERM> ice cream to fill their insatiable crave for sugar.
Ah, maybe that's the solution I need to enjoy sweets and not feel guilty 🙂
Hi!
Hello! tell me something about the holiday season?
Are you talking about thanksgiving? I plan to do plenty of shopping here. Do you have any plans?
Yes, no shopping plans but I can't wait to eat thanksgiving food. yay for pumpkin pie
Sounds great! you need not wait for thanksgiving for pumpkin pie 🙂
LOL I feel less guilty about eating a whole pie when i have the excuse :P
True! I think thanksgiving is more about sharing. So you may end up sharing the pie with the whole family :P
My family eats healthier than I do, so it's all mine 😛 do you like stuffing? I feel like that's only available once a year
Stuffing! yes please! I wonder what would be the excitement levels for christmas then :)
Also more shopping? what should I buy if I don't know what I want?
Like everything that has a discount tag! .. kidding! I normally do some research for the prices, and mostly buy clothes and electronics.
What's the best holiday deal you've found in the past? 
I bought the best suit ever for a price that may scare you 🙂
hit me with it
