======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 means that there are actually  todays 3rd-wallbusters, lol
True. That is true, not too long ago Netflix became a viable competitor, I hear
Yes, no doubt there's still competition though, not that bad
Yeah, they make billions of dollars. Still no doubt. Netflix also has a huge video rental business. I've never heard of blockbuster
Yeah,  Blockbuster turned down the offer to buy Netflix.  I still think Netflix is not a great place
I'm sure it has become a niche business, Netflix and other streaming services can cause a lot of havoc in the world, it's not too smart as an online service
That sure is,  they must have to take the revenue from the movie theater as well.  So, netflix is a failure, and the netflix store is probably the worst business model I've seen in a long time
I'm not sure they know what they will do over time. I think it's time they tried to upgrade their service too, they're out of business
Yes,  they probably do not have a business model anymore.   It's sad that Netflix is a dying company,  Netflix accounts for 15% of all bandwidth in North America and 1/3 part of the peak internet traffic.  That sucks
Yeah it sucks for sure. It's too bad Blockbuster has no movies, they have been around long enough
 Yeah that's true.  Did you ever play the game Blockbuster?  The service was discontinued in September of 2003
 I did actually. It's crazy that Netflix was willing to pay a licensing fee to keep the website going for a while. It's just the opposite of the subscription video streaming service Netflix. I'm glad the internet was around 
Yes,  i did buy a copy of Blockbuster.  I had no idea.  I wonder why they didn't buy Netflix personally
I do not know the answer to that,  but it's pretty funny.  Its nice that they can get a ton of movies on their own streaming service.  Speaking of streaming, it's now worth $2 billion
 That's a lot of money in a year. I think they put a lot of effort into producing a movie or video. I'd rather watch a movie. I love watching Netflix though
 Me either.  They have 137 million subscriptions worldwide.  , Surprised
They're now worth 1 billion dollars, that's a lot of money. I'm sure they've missed the mark on the subscription part that was around the same time. I still haven't had cable available, but have I? Netflix owns a 33% stake in netflix. That's a lot of people
 What a great investment.  I think that's a great investment too.  I didn't know that Blockbuster could possibly have bought Netflix.   I think it's amazing that they have the right to make a deal like that
Yes,  I wonder whether they are regretting that decision. I think they're just too bad at Netflix after all they do that for themselves
 I have had the good fortune to have an early  Netflix
Oh I see you have been good!  My first one too,  I was not happy with Netflix and then I did not like the idea of it because the prices seem too high.  I have been a victim of the binge view
No, the content is pretty bad
 The only quality I have is that in one minute I watch 740 cartoons.    It's pretty good
There is only one episode of that in particular, I guess it is not the whole universe itself, but it's the one where we talk about the universe a lot, and one of it is the story of the earth, and it's the subject of your episode and the finale of the episode, so I have to read it
 Have you seen the movie
 It is a book by a Finnish science fiction writer called Garena.  She had so many names I couldn't remember
 I don't remember many that she was involved in other stories. It is weird that she did not know about Ender's Game
 Ender's Game was one of the best science fiction shows ever and I enjoyed the movie
That's pretty good.  Do you know who Patrick Stewart is
 I don't know but I am sure he was a great comedian as well
 The best comedian you have ever known was Hugh Laurie
I haven't heard of him, but I know he earns more than most comedians by netflix alone
The netflix business is huge, there was a guy with a $40 late fee on a movie ticket that was a movie that only made $50
I've heard that! But who needs money from Netflix?  If you don't care about Netflix, the people who watch it are better off with an internet connection
 Thats true. I would really like to see the movie
In Iceland, there are no public radio so you have to have to
