======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 been very talented. It's important to have balance between all the different parts of your brain. I like sweet food, but I'm badat tangerine LOL
lol I'm not sure I'm the only person who feels that way. I do know that some people lose their sense of balance, so it's important to try stuff new and exciting.
What does a tangerine weekend mean?
It's a very festive time to be alive to get a massage. Really? And yes, I do even though I live in NYC
Oh where are you now?
I live in New York. It's probably too far from the office now haha
Oh no time! I wish I could live more
Delhi
Ah, India's second largest city. I like it here better.
I prefer Tempura. You should stick with the same food.
Oh nice! I was craving for Tempura food. What made you cook it instead of sitting back?
It was tomato soup. I also had a lime croissant that was super weird
haha, I love tomato soup in a sandwich.
It was good. I'm usually not into spicy food. But it was a chore, so I changed the subject.
Oh shame I didn't find something in the email! It's really not good!
Hi!
The email address on which you wrote the memo said it was "tangerine based." I assumed you meant that it was made from tree sap.
Ia similar way, I drink a tea when I work late at night.
Oh wow, that's terrible for my health. It's so important to have a tea when you have the choice. Is it not?
Not really. I feel like I have to make the time to get one. The price of the teapot depends on the store you get it from, but I feel it should be cheaper than it actually makes sense.
It depends on what sort of tea you get. If it's from a little bit, say, silver, then I would probably give it a try. But if it's from a lot of light snow, such as Beijing, then I would probably be stuck with teas that are too pale.
Oh really? Where is the snow?
I'm in Beijing, which means it's very dry over here.
Yeah, it's very dry here, too. And there's very little snow on offer here.
I haven't been to the Hongkong, which means it's cold over here?
Yeah, but I've been to the southern tip of the Chinese city. Visited it once or twice. Visited it once or twice. Rained and windy. Windy weather all over India.
Oh nice. Where is Kolkata?
It's Bangalore. Woke up this morning to a thunderstorm.
Ahh... Transylvania.
Oh dear, I never imagined that happening. Poor weather at times can be threatening.
Do you think the city will have rain today?
Yes. I am afraid I will be stuck in a straight red out. I don't have flooding insurance.
Ion a hot June day, I can walk right in to the main square, just to the left of you.
Ohh okay. I was hoping we would see better weather for some reason.
Hope the rain won't be very bad. I live near where the work is, it's affected sectors.
Oh yes, and I have never been there before. But it's pretty dry here, feel free to hike the street.
Oh okay. It's really dry here at work too. Hope the work is helping your health.
I feel like I'm getting sick with a cold. Perhaps because I work close to the office.
Oh work is depressing, doesn't it?
Yeah I feel that way. There are some meetings today just because I'm there, and they are all too often about politics.
Haha... Well, it's good that you're being pushed around. There certainly are meetings tomorrow at noon.
Oh that is nice. I would love to hear from you later in the afternoon
Sure, sure, hello.
How are you?
I'm good. How are you?
I'm doing well. Just having some morning tea
What's your day been up to?
Haha, just studying some english for the exams. Have you taken part in any english classes before?
I did a class in gerber a few months ago. It was a really fun class.
oh interesting, are you taking part in any english classes now?
Yes. I took part in a youtube channel called <REDACTED_TERM> in which we discussed various subjects. It was a lot of fun!
That sounds like a good class! I don't know which one it is. It's pretty hard to take if you don't know what I am talking about
