======== SAMPLE 1 ========
't really know how to dance
I would just take it for a few minutes and dance at the same time.  Speaking of dance, do you like the hilt dancers I used to dance on the beat
No  I'm not sure either.  Do you know who the three wealthiest presidents with $1's ( Lincoln, JFK and Washington) aren't
No I haven't but maybe Trump should try that and see how it goes lol.  My Dad used to dance ballet in high school.  I didn't know that
I wonder how he did.  I think it sounds really fun. The most wealthiest president for US history were JFK, Washington and Jefferson
 He would probably be a pretty big president! I never knew the president of Indonesia even released 3 pop albums while in office, Surprised
I wish that was the year he was sworn in to one. Lol. It's hard to not have one and enjoy that.  I bet it would be awesome to see the president of Indonesia dance for them
Oh, yes! Well, he has the record.  Another strange president is not a Republican or Democrat either
Oh I would have totally thought so! They just don't have the support of most of the country 
They do, what do you think
 I think the media coverage is biased.  Did you know that there was actually a country on earth called HYDRA in the US
I have no idea, what the hell is that. It's like a game of cat and mice and I need to figure out what happens
Oh I can see that haha. They could make a real radio station out of foxhole radios or you could put the cables that carry information through the ocean
Yeah, that would be awesome. I like the idea of going on the moon. It's crazy that all the planets have magnetic fields and don't have any life
 I could see that as well. Do you listen to the radio
 No not really.  I listen to a lot of am radio.  I heard I do not have cable!  It would be weird to listen to the radio storms from Jupiter
Haha yeah I agree, I guess I can do what I like with my phone. I'm glad the internet has it. If I'm going to be a radio station, I know what the radio station says
 Do you watch much TV
 I do.  That is the reason I am not a big fan of television or music
I am a subscriber, but I get my news from my iPhone
 Haha I sure don't have cable.  Do you have a fireplace in your home
 I do.  That is actually the part in my small home that I have an apple tv.  I never get the fireplace up there
Oh, and it is on the top of the tallest mountain in Nevada though
 Yeah. I wonder why the roofer's house burns down like that. In China the owners have their own tv series
 They must be good at it.  That would be nice.      
That's true, I would watch that if I had the chance
Hi there, do you enjoy watching TV
 Hi there  yes I really do
 I like to watch a lot of sports
 Me too. That's why I am watching The Simpsons
 That's funny
 I hear you there.  I bet you too
Hello, do you watch tv
Yes, I do. I am a big TV watcher
 Yes! I do watch the simpsons and the Simpsons. Do you ever watch
 I do. Do you ever watch the simpsons
 Yes. I have watched 10 episodes. It's been over 18 years
 Yes. There is also an animated movie calledthe simpsons. It's the third episode
 Yes. They tried to remade that in the US. It would have been better than the UK remake
 Yes and all of the episodes would be identical
 That would have been too funny. I know that they threatened to sue the Simpsons for copyright infringement
 That would be very difficult for them to take. I'm afraid the Simpsons' crew is constantly interrupting the crew, Surprised
 I am not surprised either. A lot of people seem like they are getting irritated. Do you watch the simpsons
 The fifth and sixth season are airing
 Yes. It is in the US though
 What kind of show is that
 The ones that Bart and the gang of Moe are in
 Yeah.  The simpsons is popular in Japan. It has been around for more than 16 years
Yes, it has been around for a long time. The first episode was just hilarious, Surprised
I think that it was a little funny since most of the jokes were just for adults
It was, and the humor was just for Bart
Yes, it was. Do you ever listen to the radio
 I do. Do you have a car
 Yes. Do you know why we call it the radio
 It
