======== SAMPLE 1 ========
  I mean you could always tell them by looking at them.  What kind of movies would you like to be in?  One would be a remake of the movie I saw some time ago with Brad Pitt!  It must be a lot of drama, or maybe even a comedy
Oh I see, maybe I'd like the movie. Did you know the boy who played the role of Detective Tom is now in treatment for severe addiction and his mom has offered him a chance to take his talents, I bet the money is well spent
I think that was a pretty good decision at least in the last few movies, he would have definitely made the movie.  It seemed pretty interesting at the beginning though
 I wonder if it really made him want to do it or if it just made the producers feel bad for the boy. Do you know any actors that would be good on that movie
I don't know, but did you know that the actor that did the voice of the titanic was a fellow from the comedy group The Office?  That sounds like a fun gig to have
Yeah I think they are both great actors, nice chatting with you
 Nice chatting with you too
 Do you like to travel
 Yes I love to travel. What about you
I enjoy the sun as well. However, I do not like to go through the highways, unless I am on a horse drawn carriage lol
Yes, I am not on a horse drawn carriage, but that is a good way to enjoy the sun in the summer! I love to explore the sun. You would agree
 I am going to check out an old barn on the beach right now. It is very neat. Do you like cars
I love cars, love how they come out the gas and drive like a horse drawn carriage, I love how a modern car has a seat and a wheel behind the driver
I love that too, not a big fan of the dutch for me, but that sounds like a great way to travel
 Well that sounds like a great way. Do you use google much
Yeah I use google much, I think it is the best search engine so far. Do you use google for google things
I use it a lot, it is the second largest search engine on the net. That is pretty crazy. Do you use google when did you know it was first owned by google
I am not aware, I think when it's the first search engine and google first released a new version called 3g, I guess Google is still the largest search engine on the net
Yes, google is a name I am not sure about, but I think it is a good name haha
 You also like the ocean
Nice, and we do not do the washing machine in that
Yes, I have gone through about three times but I do not want to get into it. I understand how it would be very difficult to use it to clean up the ocean after you have run out of water. I understand however to get into it quickly you need to be careful
Yes, I understand that, it has to be really fast, right after you run into it because some fish live to lose 1000 gallons of blood a minute, that is very wasteful
 Yes I agree and the water in the ocean is very big, very interesting fact
Yes, I agree it is, you can not build a house out of water but water is amazing, the world record is 700 meters from the sun
Yes, I believe so, it is impressive that the sun is white and only looks yellow to us because of atmospheric scattering
 It is truly amazing that the universe is so huge! I have enjoyed learning about science and religion
Yes, it shows that even though there is so much out there, there are so many mysteries there are a lot of answers, for example the Bible is so fascinating, I find it amazing and also so beautiful
Yes, I think there are a lot of cool facts on the surface, like the sun is only 1 billionth the size of the biggest star out there, that fact should be a no surprise to you
That is incredible, its only 1 billionth the size of the sun alone. What do you think about the sun being so hot, 5 times hotter than the sun, I really dont believe there is anything special about it
 I agree with you. The energy available to us is amazing. Just like Jupiter was one of the most energy dense stars in the universe
Yes! It's crazy how close the sun is to the sun, I think it makes a lot more sense when you think of how far it can go when you consider it's diameter of 1 billionth its crazy
It is crazy though, that is why we live there. The sun is the center of our solar system, we only got our name because of that
It really is! we must have a great clock that uses only 5 ns on a solar second, that is a lot of power
 Yeah it sure is. Theres a clock that you can build to
