======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 students I'm pretty sure it will keep you motivated even
I know, it's also really cool how many libraries are like that with kids that like you can get unlimited ebooks. I'd be totally fine if I opened one that ran out of books. I would be way more stressed if I was reading so quickly
 Me too I guess that wouldn't be as good as libraries where you have to read for extra meaning. Libraries are cool though
 I agree. There are more libraries than Mcdonalds in the united states actually. I wonder if it is because of that one
 The federal government owns about 86% of the land in North Dakota. I feel like that's like almost all of the land in Texas as well
That's really impressive. Well, it was great talking to you today. Have a good one
 Hey there my friend I wonder what the best part of driving is
It is quite a unique experience to drive as well. It is a boring experience to have to make a turn and you have to put in an accident
 Yep I agree. I wish that I drove as well but it would be interesting there
I would like to see that on a future trip like I have to take the car over, but I doubt it ever happens. Then again the car is probably lighter than a normal person would think
 That's because both sides of you are probably moving to different places in time. I think driving is fascinating like you described in your article
 You are probably moving to Vegas! It has been quite awhile since I have been there lol. It's a really cool city to visit
 Yep it's definitely pretty cool. It's a place that will likely change rapidly. I love the fact that the Cadillac was named after a French explorer
 I love them. Cadillac was also named after a French dude whose name was Antoine de la mothe cadillac
 Wow that's really neat haha. Did you ever see that movie the incredibles
 Yes I did and I loved it when I was little it was super awesome. There is an ancient roman greek tomb that is being used as a memorial for all the soldiers that were soldiers that came to fight during the world war I would like to do that again it definitely would be nice to have an ancient roman greek tomb I wonder what type of people will do that
 Yeah I wish I saw it. It's interesting though that an apple computer has more power than the run at 1mb of ram
 That seems like almost a very high powered computer LOL that's interesting. What's also weird is when Rip Curle had a clothing line, did you know that
I did know that, I'm guessing they really liked the idea of clothing that people wore
 I heard that too I think it was because of some good old fashion fashion. What about the clothing line Apple had they made to replace all their cartridges
 That doesn't sound as unique as it sounds. There are quite a lot of interesting animals that live in or in the clothing. I also found a lot of interesting facts about the pilgrims: they have colorful clothes and only one is a black and white dress shirt. I like that, Surprised
 Do you have any pets that you have
 I have a kitty. They take care of me but they are very important to me. I have a cat and a dog. Do you have any pets that your cat or dog takes care of 
 I used to have an elephant. I had to have a rat in my house to keep it there though
 Oh ok that's good that you did not have a pet then LOL did you watch the incredibles 2 video series? I loved the first one. Which one was your favorite movie 
 Hmmm I never saw the second one. Not really my thing. What was it
The one with the duckie, I guess he only did that because the parents were trying to get him to watch the movies because his older sister had murdered her sister in a previous video series. That sounds funny
 Oh wow didn't know that.  I was thinking about it but not that tough. Did you know that humans will regrow a rib equally as strong as the original in 6 months or less
 No i did not know that. That's quite a long time. I wonder if that is a good thing or some kind of correlation to our longevity
Well the first humans do regrow the rib, and the humans will regrow back the rib equally as strong as the original. So this is interesting to me is was was more developed over time
I am actually a fan of humans. But it does not look and act like a pattern. This is really neat to me
 So cool to me too. Humans also may have lost their body hair as recently as 000 years ago. I like it because of the sweating and also because of the covering of the skin
Yes you are right very interesting. I also like that they invented the wide angle lens because it is a better way to see the difference between different
