======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 you take it off.
I understand -- but you have a choice. You take it off, or you go to a hospital.
I can't.
Then it goes in the same direction.
Well -- I guess I'm right.
You'll need a ticket to travel between your house and I -- maybe I can pick you up and take it off.
Don't worry -- I'm getting married soon.
I think you are right.
You're getting married.
Are you married?
I don't want the wedding.
I've got plenty of time.
I won't.
Why?
I don't know the reason you're in this.
You must find a job in New York city -- where there are two-way radios to the north -- that will keep you from moving on.
I think you're right.
Come on, I'm very tired -- I'm very ill, it's very bad to hear all this.
I'll be right back.
Is there anything else you want to talk about?
Well I'll have a meeting from now on -- with the mayor of New York. I'll talk it over.
I'm sorry, but we have to go home.
Well, I don't want you around.
I'll be back soon -- and we'll call the police.
It's safe.
I wouldn't know -- that's not fair -- we have to go home.
It must be dangerous in there.
In his mind.
What's going on -- he's never learned...
He hasn't.
What's he doing, where's he going -- trying to find it?
All the same, you never know where you'll get back.
He won't know where he will go or do anything.
You won't let go.
No -- well -- I am. But in another ten thousand years maybe he's more or less what we call him: a brilliant, capable genius, a very different kind of person...
No, he'll never know.
He is not a genius, you know.
He isn't a thinker.
You mean just something different?
I don't think a single thought is enough.
If he had thought about something else, he would never have succeeded, but I think it's possible. I mean he's probably been thinking about everything else since he started.
It could take thousands of years -- I see it happening every time I turn around and he thinks about everything -- but his brains still work.
What do you mean?
What am I doing, he's always thinking about everything. And the way he has been thinking about the brain, my guess is that the reason you've been thinking about him is because the brain worked itself out -- the brain was a very important thing for him. But that's not why you can see.
I'm sorry you won't be able to ask me.
He's still mad at me -- he thinks...
All right, I'm sorry, I thought! I'll just go back.
You can talk yourself into a coma!
I don't understand you.
And you can ask me anything.
What do you mean?
I thought your daughter had gone?
Yes.
When did you find the phone, Mrs. Pills?
She was dead.
You killed her!
It's a murder.
I've talked to a few friends of yours.
What, this is an accident?
I'm sorry but I don't understand how a child can turn up in this house.
You've always been a hard boy, Mr. Pills, and I think you're a very hard boy.
You don't understand, Mrs. Pills.
A girl, it seems.
A girl?
Well, he's a child.
He's a boy boy.
And I don't think it's a great boy -- why not call the police?
I thought maybe he wasn't a great boy, that he was a boy.
He's a boy boy, Mr. Pills.
He's your mother?
Yes.
Is he married?
I'm quite a boy and, as usual I know very little of any of the girls.
What do you mean to say? What are your real reasons for going in with you?
I didn't feel like talking to you.
You don't mean it because I'm here.
Don't worry. It was my mother.
Do you feel that?
I don't know. Maybe I shouldn't. Sometimes I can feel things.
I don't think it's a matter of time yet.
It's not my fault he is not here at this time -
Do you want to know about the police?
And I've had a little argument.
I don't know what's going on here. It's a very long night and you can
