======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 a little, too bad...
There was blood. It was only one or two.
I'm not sure they're going to do anything about it. One last thing...I guess I could go back out again tomorrow, so I don't have to do anything about it. The sun's coming up from the stars. The sky might be dark around here. No one can hear us anymore, but it will.
What about if there's blood on the way out?
I don't want to have to do it. My friend had a blood attack and died. I should have waited til tomorrow.
Where do you expect him to be? What about the police?!
...or the FBI. It's like a crime.
This morning I'm on-line with your source. They've caught one of those guys with a gun. I think a cop should give an interview.
I'm not.
Did you see where the blood was on the back of the shirt?
No. He's not.
What did you see here?
How long was this guy in there?
I was expecting her to come by. I did a few shows together.
What did you guys say about that case?
Yeah. I got some stuff to say to her.
What about the others?
There was another guy who went by the name of "Roma." He was in trouble with the police a year back. He started a rumor, the FBI is going to indict him so that can't hurt his career. But his lawyer's gonna make a change and get another jury. I think you've heard the rumors?
It's gonna be a lot of fun.
The FBI is in here and they want me to come down to New Jersey where there's a jury sitting up there on the new evidence...
We're going to do it.
I think we'll just see if there's a chance he'll get a trial.
I don't want her to be able to come with it.
I didn't go anywhere with your case, what else are you gonna do for her?
We're going to try it. The FBI wants her to come up here and find out what happened. They want you to stay on the stand with that girl.
I'm not sure you're prepared to do something like that...
What's wrong with her?
They didn't say anything at one point.
This guy called and said he was going to show her the tape. But they said you were the one who made this tape. But I don't think she wants to see it anymore, let alone her lawyer. They said it's not legal anymore. She just wants something to hear.
How do you know she's not guilty?
You didn't say anything about it, you said "sour story."
It's true!
Oh, shit, come over and see me. I want to see that tape.
That's what it says. There's a picture...just wait for me to be here. I'll give you the number of my lawyer here.
They sent some money.
They sent that to you tonight?
They wanted me to bring you the money too. If she's guilty, she'll throw it out.
I told them she had a gun in her purse.
Where did she go all this time? She didn't tell you she killed people?
Well, I know you guys...
Don't you ever lie about it.
I'm not lying, you don't always lie to me like that.
No. I'm not talking about how I'm supposed to feel now...
I'm just saying don't make me say it.
You want me to be quiet...
Oh, yeah...
I'm not talking about what I say. I mean, you can tell she's lying...
Well, you're saying that one time, or do you know, her lawyer told her to tell...
You want me to be quiet...
You know, now, you said she was innocent, but how could you say she's...
The girl has a lawyer...
Why are you talking about that case?
Of course he's innocent.
There's no reason to lie to him here. He's innocent, he's just making a living out of this.
Not a bad way to get a picture, doesn't it?
He's supposed to be at home with Ms. Williams tonight...
...you're going to bring out a new tape?
I just say that I like my new record.  Do it as we go on.
What?
I didn't say that!
Oh, come on, let's get on with it this way! Do it as we go on!
Here --
This is all because you said this one time to me. Did you say?
That was so long ago. But now that you're getting back to it,
