======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 wow it's a tradition but we do have to take into account all those animals in entertainment like sharks and reptiles and we are a crazy place when it comes to those
 Yes I think we as a whole suck too much at life as we are. And there's animal facts that we don't like to hear! There is a jellyfish and lobster lobster which are actually a full-on science fact when the subject of life comes up
And also there's a weird and strange mythologies about them, for instance there's a type of jellyfish that has a transparent core
 Do you know about that mythologies? I heard there was a species of black swallowers that are actually quite tasty
 I do know that a black swallower is pretty tasty. I don't even know if it's a good thing because I wouldn't eat it
Yeah, it is interesting because some other mythologies about the black swallower are interesting like that mythophagus mytho it has a hook behind it that will allow it to digest prey twice its length
That might be a myth as well, how many times have you eaten a black swallower? Like how long have you eaten it
I don't know, would be like 5.5 months, maybe a trip to a tropical island
I bet it is worth it if you ever have the chance to eat one! If there's anything that is important enough to help one eat that jellyfish and lobster, I guess we could be the salt worth it even
Yeah, salt water fish, I need to check those new facts out
Yes, that's amazing. A lot of things I never got to know about before I started learning about these new facts, like how a human may not even be the color blin but is just known as colorblind because I never heard of that
That is funny, but I was probably colorblind as a child so maybe one day one day we'll be able to find out and we'll need a friend to bring that colorblind friend up on the internet and use my words, Surprised
Yeah, that would be cool! It had so many people who came up with so many fun facts I bet we could all use that fact for good to help others
 I bet! It's hard to believe only humans can understand how many different words can be written in terms of and how human can do that to the same page
Yeah, I can only listen to radio I heard. Radio waves cause the waves to travel at different speeds
Those waves travel at more than just humans can, they also travel at very different paths and lengths too
 Do you watch tv much
 Sometimes. What about you
That I've heard. I am an actor, I don't watch much television. I like a lot of documentaries, just not as many cartoons like Pokemon
 I never knew That was there! I've used the Internet to watch television
I saw the same thing. I think when people watched black and white they just watched the animated cartoons. Did you ever watch South Park? they did an episode where there was no episode for South Park
 I have seen all the Simpsons episodes. I don't watch South Park or Family Guy too much
 I don't. I think they still have some episodes to their hearts, I guess
 What do you think about the internet? There is a 3g atlanta signal at the top of Mt. Everest
 That is crazy. People really need to get internet now. I don't think they are addicted to it
 They certainly are not! I think it's pretty much a free thing. They really are in need of tech now
Yeah, I am sure it was something as recent as the year 2000
 I'm sure that it is something for everyone. I never realized that people could get internet addicted. It seems to have become a big deal for them
There is a booklets, there are cellphones and stuff online
 Wow! I always thought it was illegal to use the 3.7 inch diameter internet in the country in Russia
 I guess the world is a big place. People are so out of touch for sure
It seems like it has become a big deal nowadays. In 1995 the norse control board issued a green signal to the world wide web to promote commerce and commerce networks. That is a big deal
 I don't know how I wouldn't just stay on there and watch stuff on the internet or even start checking it on the site all day
 I used facebook a couple of years back and decided to give it up
 It has come a long way. Since the beginning of facebook the median age for a US adult to be on site is  so  it must help a lot
 Yeah. The internet has come an interesting way because I was not alone by the time I graduated college. It's even taken over half of all internet traffic at the peak of Mt. Everest
 The whole internet is amazing and full with knowledge the government actually even publishing the full terms of service when I do something
 Yeah.
