======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 create the space station and everything.  How do you think we are doing that with the Earth's magnetic field
 I really doubt it.  If you know anyone that owns the land it is probably a pretty small community.  I'm hoping the magnetic field is strong enough to sustain life on Earth
 I think the earth is almost entirely covered of water by oceans though.  I guess that makes sense given the fact that it was formed over 4.5 billion years ago
 I have always thought that the earth formed over 4 billions years ago
 I guess the earth will change since then.  I was thinking if we got to mess with Jupiter for a bit then it might have a less than perfect system at one point which I think probably destroys everything on the planet
 I am too afraid to go outside now and find out how the atmosphere changes!  Do you think earth will be able to continue to store helium in the atmosphere
I don't know, that is something we really need to study
That's an interesting concept, if we do evolve then other planets will probably find that harder than the ones we have right now
 I agree.  I'm also wondering if if there is any magnetic field that is driving the different aspects of our planet
 I think the earth formed over 4.5 billion years ago it has changed much since then. Do you think we can save the earth or not
I think that if earths history was viewed as a quick fix, a faster rotation speed would improve things enormously, but the amount of energy produced would decrease
 I think we already lost a large amount of body hair as recently as 200k years ago.  Do you believe those results are any different
I like the results the Earth has in recent times, though sadly so is the human species relative to what we lost
 I see that seems very true.  I'm also very skeptical of climate science.  I think that we could survive as hot as the sun.  We can't if they don't treat us well
 I agree.  But to make matters worse they are forcing us to be less than.  They just are not treating our body well
Yes, a lot of people think that.  If we could survive and grow back all our organs it would be something we could try and solve
 We really can't until we understand the causes (if any) and what they cause.  If the weather and climate didn't cause the earth to have such extremes then what makes climate science so interesting is more complicated than we realize.  
 I agree.  There are some other explanations as well.  Did you know that Earth was formed over 4.5 billion years ago and is 4.5 billion
 I did not.  Wow!!  That was so long ago
Yes, I would say the Earth started about 4 billion years ago as a planet.  I had no idea though.  Do you think that change in atmosphere would alter the composition of the Earths atmosphere and ocean as well as support life
 I'm pretty certain that that could be the case.  That would be a really fascinating and fascinating subject for future exploration.  
Yes, it would be the first I want to see if we can detect life on Earth.  After all there are only 24 possible planets.  I wonder if a team will be able to find a whole 4.5 billion.  Thanks for chatting again though
 It was fun.  Have a great day
 Hi There ! Looking forward to chat with You ! :)
 Hello.  Hope you are doing well.  Are you a fan of the sun
Hi, yeah, I am. I'm a big fan! How do You enjoy your time
Yes, I enjoy watching the sun from time to time.  Have you ever seen it in action in a scene
 No but I want to. I have to watch some funny ones. Did you know some of the suns are white and look yellow to me
 No that's interesting!  Do You know why we call it the white sun
I am no astronomer, but I had thought it was the white sun. I never thought it could have that many colors
 Did You know the sun takes up a third of the energy in the sun
Yes, and it's only 1 billionth the size of the biggest star discovered in our galaxy
 Interesting.  The sun is actually white
I didn't know that, how did it get to be 1 billionth the size of the biggest star? I've actually seen the white sun before
 It was 1.9m long and the material weighed only 1.46 kilograms
 Wow!  Do you know how the sunset on Mars is like
 I did not know that! I just heard they moon Halia looks white and looks that way
 I found out back in the 18th century when reading about Venus
That's cool, did you know that the sun is also white and not yellow? I read it and thought it was actually green
 Yeah i thought
