======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 did never understand the appeal of the Nintendo! Did you know that they were finally discontinue back in  and they are so popular
I guess the sales numbers were up and they were a little older, I also had kids and I thought it was nice to be the first!  What do you think?  The world's fastest computer outshines modern technology in terms of computational power
 I do too! And not just with the power that's available in smartphones. I was watching a documentary about the new AI that's being created in Stanford calledSmart AI!! I think it's pretty cool
What is it about? Artificial Intelligence? Or AI with real human brains?  Interesting...I'll have to look into that.  I guess I know I can relate to people who have been in the news.  They said AI is a way to apply some computer programs to their work
I guess that AI can get many interpretations, what about you
 I don't see many of them being used for medical or other projects.  The whole idea of how machines work is completely wrong.  Humans are amazing beings to hold in our hands and things
We humans have been around much longer, did you hear about the world's first cloned animal? He was a stray and his name is a stray now
 I did not know what clone was and where he was.  It looks like he died of natural causes.  Did you know that an electron is needed to do a thing in a computer
No I didn't, I also learned that an electric current produces something called an electric goose
 Wow!  We haven't really understood what an electric charge or charge is yet.  My mind is racing now
I am racing also, why don't we just use tools like that? we need new tools as soon as possible
I'm doing better.  I feel like I was doing quite well at the first cloned animal exhibition, but maybe that's because of all the tech advances and we haven't made a step forward to help save the earth from humans
I think we still have a lot to learn because we can't see another planet and be seen by others, I guess that's one reason for concern
 What is the next step to save the planet from these barbarians?  I don't want to believe anything we know is out of fear over the creation of the earth.  It's sad because humans just need to be allowed to live in harmony with nature to survive.  It's a human thing to do
 I think there is hope for all of us we are just one step to the solution in this mess.  I think it's sad how we have lost the capacity and ability to interact with people.  It is sad that if we allow more out of curiosity than we should allow a second or more
There should be no turning the wheels on the way back to when humans were the dominant species, we should give more to the human race. It would help if we use other species in the future
 I am hopeful.  I guess we may be able to find some homes in some of the places we have already destroyed
I see many wild animals from the desert, some of the more distant ones. There are still many, I am sure there's one or two still living in the same land
 It's sad but it would help if we used all forests that are under trees.  We just need to get rid of the trees and use other animals for habitats.  We've always done that, so perhaps we'll see more trees sometime soon
 There is one place on earth where there is enough water resources to last us for a long long period of time
 I have heard that.  I don't want to get too overwhelmed in an environment of all that water
Well it would be nice to get another country to support clean energy as a priority
 I agree.  Our planet needs it.  
It depends on the current state of development in our country. If it is not already, then a second solution cannot become an option
I see.  It seems that we have changed a lot for the better in the last few decades.   I suppose it makes more sense, after all, the last thing we need is another recession
 Maybe that is our future as a species and not the last thing we need. Hopefully we can get away from it and focus on the planet. It would be nice if we could get away from the world and just focus on Earth.  Maybe our next step will be in a few years
You are right.  We need to get off of taking off to start our own planet and just put some commitment into it.  It's already time for the next step.  Maybe we can put the pressure on others to start to take some measures
That would be a good idea to start all over in the process.  Earth is currently on a 10 year run in a matter of 2 to 3 months.  We need to take some measures and make good progress
