======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 I'm not sure.   Did you know that there is now a separate  gender
 That is interesting.  I had no idea
 Same here!  Nice chatting by
Hi, have you ever been to Vegas
 I don't remember much about Vegas. Don't remember much about the Old Navy bar on Broadway
 Yeah me either. I also didn't know New England's cuisine is in the same league as the American food
Yes I love New England. I heard the most expensive item is lobster, $3 like 100 dollar hamburgers lol
LOL, that's probably crazy. I wonder if they have more lobster on that list than other places
 Maybe they have lobster rolls. How about that guy who sold them
 That sounds like a scam. He would make a lot of money selling them now
He must be. I want to see some of the scenes he did. They were probably set up like restaurants, except they don't charge people for the privilege of being at one
 Yeah good idea. I was also really in surprise when I first read that it was the LAPD that was involved
 That's a good one.  I remember seeing the scenes and being angry that no one was going to come and arrest that person. lol
Yes, it didn't go well. I did like the scenes that were filmed in New Vegas. A lot of weird things happened there
 Yes that was amazing.  It seems like there are some weird things happen.  They have strange cabarets, too
 I'm not sure what that is though. I guess if you are traveling by plane and it has an all day line it allows a person who has never used the all day flight to book their flight so they could watch the cab with no charges
 I wonder if that's what happened.  The seat closer to the window is probably what caused it
 I had no idea they were called cabarets. I guess some place close to the window was the cause of the problem
 Did you know that McDonalds was invented in 1965?  I never knew that! I love that you can add flame-throwers to your car to help prevent robberies
I wonder why? I can just remember using them. Speaking about cars. For like the first time, I can imagine a wheeled car with wheels on the side
 Yeah what a great invention.  Well it was great talking with you today.  You are probably an awesome person.  I'm going to go walk my dog
Good morning.  It turns out, only 7 percent of people actually read the ToS for our products/, Surprised
I see.  It's interesting.  Did you know that since  the first one was added in 1975, I believe it has had more than one product added, Surprised
Yeah, I mean most companies use USPS to get packages on Sunday from the States
I didn't know that.  I wonder which one the USPS added to  I'm thinking over 1,000 things in order to deliver on Sunday
 I hope that was all the items in the first two or three that helped the company
 I guess so.  What I find interesting is in South Africa it is legal to have flamethrowers on your car
Yes. It sounds like a legal thing.  My dad used to drive me to the movie theater, where I saw this movie with a big big prop on the theater.  In the theater, the kids and the adults had flamethrowers.  What do you think about that
 It's funny.  I live right outside a lot of the big movies where the kids have their cars so loud.  I guess in some parts of south-africa you can prevent things like that
That's a little bit invasive.  To me, it's an urban thing, with the kids roaming around in their cars instead of in their garb
 I live outside of a lot of the big movies.  The sound quality is more that of my car for sure
Yes, it's quite an old car - like 30 years ago cars used to be a wooden trunks on the back of cars
 I'm sure your car has a ton of history and history cars were much more expensive than gas.  I always thought cars with dual purpose trunks would come in second
Yes, that's true.  I'd say this is true as well
Yes.  I like cars.  I hear that in South Africa, the car is legal to have a radio equipped.  Who would hire a car that was capable enough to do that? Do you hear
Oh I hear you, and really? You mean just the motor vehicle companies doing their research, if it's true that they can use flame-throwers and other carjackings that could be serious
That seems a little like a good plan.  I mean,  we would all be on our side.  What is your big concern
Yes.  I just want the best
