======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 Another day. I got it fixed... hopefully it doesn't take too long. I'm not sure if there is hope that I won, but I'm not sure I'm the best for the job, if there isn't one, because I feel like I'm too good as ever
I think so too. I feel there must be somewhere useful to help people process the past, and start the new year with a fresh outlook 🙂
Yes, I believe in re-energizing yourself.
Hi!
Hey, how are you?
I'm good. How are you doing?
Great. I've had some tentative plans, but are you ready to go?
Very good. I just won a pingpong game. What about you?
that's nice. I am just working on some documentation. Do you play pingpong often?
No, very rarely. It's kind of amazing that I won, but I'm still taking credit for it.
thats very impressive then, congrats!
Haha thank you, I guess I'm just a natural. What's your favourite game?
I really like to play tennis, badminton and racquetball. I don't really get a chance to play them often though, specially racquetball
What's racquetball like? From context clues, I'm guessing that it involves hitting a ball with a racquet
well, it's like a cage match of tennis. The main difference is that both players play in the same 'court' and the ball is smashed against a wall instead of passing it over a net into the opponent's court. Kind of like playing pingpong vs the table.
Wow! A cage match! Does it get physical?
it depends haha, there is a lot of bumping into each other to run after the ball, and sometimes the ball hits you too. Overall it feels like a super fast paced version of tennis, really tiring!
That sounds fun. I think of tennis itself as being really athletic and tiring, so I don't think it's a sport for me, though!
ping pong can get quite intensive too! I guess short ping pong sessions are not that tiring though. Wanna have a match?
What a good idea, I'd love to!
Show me your anger!!!!
Fuckkkkkkk!!!!
Hi!
hi
what are you up to?
code refactoring. you?
me? just chilling out at work. what is code refactoring?
good question. I don't even know what I am doing
haha, forget it. what else do you like to do beside work?
lots of fun stuff. eating sleeping 🙂
these are important things to do in life 😉
yeah. keep minimalist life style only do things you have to do 🙂
what food do you like to eat?
Asian food prefer spicy one
like Szechuan or Hunan? 🙂
yes yes yes! like that style. Do you like spicy food?
I like noodle soup like Pho or Ramen. I also like Beijing duck a lot!
what is your favorite place for ramen?
I love <REDACTED_TERM> in San Mateo
haven't tried that one! will give it a try next time!
yes, you should!
Hi!
Hi!
nice meeting you. what are you up to?
not much, thinking about lunch
yea, same here. any food you're craving for?
I love sushi do you know of any good sushi places?
arghhh hard question ... I only know Ramen places for Japanese food 🙂
ooh ramen is also good
San Mateo to me has the best Ramen restaurantsParlor and Dojo? oh no question mark 🙂
I haven't been to those palces before. Going to have to check them out! thanks for teh recommendation
my pleasure 🙂 do you live near San Mateo?
no, but I'm willing to drive for good ramen
excellent. let me know when you have tried those. I like Parlor better because it has soft-shell crabs
I"ve never had softshell crab before, but it sounds really good!
yup it's delicious!
Hi!
Hey, how's your day going?
okayish, it is flying by quicker than I expected. How is your day going on?
Slowly, not much to do. Been twiddling my thumbs all day what have you been up to?
Oh, I would love to twiddle my thumbs. You're so lucky! Today, I've been mostly attending meetings, reading and writing docs, reading papers etc.
That's a lot! I've just been cloud gazing - I saw a giraffe and an ice cream cone
wow! I sometimes drift off during work, and see similar things in my head.

