======== SAMPLE 1 ========
three months and you'll start having all these bad dreams, but you go on the show and you don't forget your mommy, and you end up with a guy who does this to everybody...
Why should I take pills if you can't sleep, huh, Lyle? You're in an accident here.  You went back to being the cop who beat the man.  You think you can outrank him, you're like a kid in high school, then your parents decide that you should be in high school...
I'll help you, Lyle, okay, I can't do it, I won't be honest with you, but...
Okay, I'll help you. So go get yourself a pillow, okay?
You're going to get in some trouble, Lyle, so if you're right, you're wrong, you should take it, I'm right, we're all gonna do it, the cops won't know, we're both gonna watch it, we'll just watch, don't you worry, okay?  I know. Yeah, I know. Well, look how hard these guys are to me, okay?
Yeah, I guess they're still in there, but they're still gonna go over there and I think there's a good chance they're gonna stop at this empty town at about six a.m.
They're gonna stop!
They wait a minute.
Yes... they wait a minute.
...they wait a minute.
No, wait... they wait a minute. 
Well, look, uh, this is the cop who is looking for you, right, I want two cops waiting a minute.
No, look, I don't know...
Yeah? Did you think of that?
I'm not coming, but I'll see you for lunch, okay?
Oh yeah? What was I supposed to, a beer or something?
Hi, I'm Lyle Miller...
Alright... look out there.
You're just going to have to learn how to be a little more careful with that shit in your brain...
Yeah?
You, too?
Well, you're going to need a little spunk, okay?
What? You're not coming, I told you now!
Alright, take it easy, you want to do all your thinking 'cause it'll save your brain, and you know what, just hold tight here. Don't tell me you're gonna be able to open this up, just hold tight here for one second, okay?
What?
Yeah... the door opens, I get a flash of cold air, and I walk out, right back into the office. You know what I mean?
Lyle Miller?
Yeah, I guess we do. You know, after all I'm saying, you just can't lose me.
It doesn't look all right. Yeah okay. I think it's a fine thing to do, but... it's gonna get a little cold as I get outside. I'll check with you to see if things are all right, okay?
I mean, it wasn't all right. It was a little late.
Don't you think it's a little late?
Yeah.
We're just two nice college kids standing around the office window, like before, and you still think it's all right?!
What are we gonna do?
No, nothing.
Well, what's the matter? What are we gonna do?!
Oh, this is not a problem, 'cause it's my office.
We did work in a big hurry, you know that? You and that little asshole who wrote the new one, and I'm working here.
I didn't mean... I mean...
I know so many people.  You always said "you are very sweet." and now you get the idea of dating.
It was a little trick that night.
I was doing a song video with a girl...
You mean that one time you were trying to get out of a job, and the guy wasn't coming? That was a big mistake.
Yeah.
Hey, I love you. You really love me, don't you! I think I have a great memory.
I don't even remember that night.
He was just going to start cleaning up a mess. And I was just checking the door for any signs of trouble...
Hey, it doesn't say how many nights you can stay. It says 'no more'." I mean I don't even remember.
You think it is?
Well, the whole thing was just... it didn't mean how many days it took to stay asleep...
I guess I should leave right now.
Oh, yeah. Well, maybe it's just me, right?
You never read your letters. I mean your letters to everyone.
Huh?
I read their mail.
Huh?
They've got some stuff
