======== SAMPLE 1 ========

yeah, just keeping calories in check
yay, all the best with keeping calories in check!
Hi!
Hi there 🙂 How's your day been?
It's good. It's raining a bit, but I am enjoying a good book. How about you?
It's good, I just got back from walking my dog What book did you read?
I'm reading the Three Body Problem. Ever heard of it?
No, what is it about?
It's a sci-fi book about aliens and a type of virtual reality. Pique your interest at all?
Slightly, I typically read fiction but I can curious what type of virtual reality is discussed in the book
Cool. This virtual reality is a based on life on an alien planet. There is a twist though. Do you want me to spoil it for you?
Yes!
The virtual reality is actually based on a real alien civilization! And that civilization is coming to attack earth! dun dun dun dunnnnnnn
Woah! That is fascinating! I will have to pick up a copy of the book to read.
There are other twists as well, so I haven't spoiled the whole thing! To be honest I am not a fan of spoilers
Thanks for not spoiling it completely but you gave a really intriguing description that makes me want to read it now. I will have to pick it up after work
The audi book is also very good! Ever give those a try?
I only gave those a try when I had a concussion and could not read. I enjoy having a physical book in hand and reading at the pace I prefer. Do you listen to a lot of audi books?
Hi!
Hey, how's it going?
It's good! How is your day?
My day is good. A bit sad that it gets dark so early but oh well. Did you do anything fun over the weekend?
Yes, the darkness can be a bit depressing. This weekend I went rock climbing! It was great! How about yourself?
Rock climbing sounds fun! I had a pretty low-key weekend. Ended up going to watch a movie.
Oh nice! What movie?
Knives Out. It had Daniel Craig and one of the famous Captain America "Chris" person (I can't keep track of all of his famous names).
Hahah yes, they all look the same! I saw that very same movie over Thanksgiving break. Lots of twists and turns!
Cool. So if it weren't so dark and cold outside, what kind of activities would you do?
Hmm good question. Evening runs can be fun, but it can be a little scary when it's dark out!
Yeah, sunlight is good. I wish I could live part-time in different parts of the world to have summer all year round. Have you ever visited the southern hemisphere?
Yes! I've been to Australia. It was very nice; I regret not going to see the southern lights. Me personally, I like winter. But I'd prefer it to be more brief than it actually is here... Where are you from originally?
I've always wanted to go to Australia. I'm originally from the US.
Ahh me too! You should definitely try to visit Australia at least once!
Will do! Bye.
Hi!
What's your name?
My name is pikachu. it’s nice to meet you! What are you up to this month?
Nice to meet you pikachu! pikachu, pikachu, pikachu? (That meant, I'm literally catching Pokemons on my phone right now!) What're you up to lately?
I’m trying to organize my life and start the new year ready to go! What about you?
Wow, that's impressive. Admit I'm just trying to take each day and week as they come.
What do you do to unwind?
Honestly, I like to catch Pokemons on my phone a lot. That must be upsetting since your name is pikachu though...sorry...
Oddly enough, I also catch Pokémon on my phone. I used to do it more, but it just never ends. I used to do it everyday. Now I mostly catch them when I travel somewhere exotic.
Oooh, that is more fun, but I don't travel that much these days so I'm grateful when I spot a Pokemon to catch where ever I happen to be. Do you have a favorite Pokemon? Mine is the cute pink JIgglypuff!
In the game, i use vaporeon a lot. But I think pikachu is the cutest, that’s why I changed my name to match. Lately, I think baby Yoda is the cutest though. Have you seen baby yoda?
I have heard of him and seen him here and there, but admit I don
