======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 tap the radio out of the trunk of an elephant
 Yeah. Do you have a favorite sport
I enjoy the game. I usually play horseback riding but there I play a little horse racing. I guess it's best to take horse-riding lessons, since a man who was deaf could hear his horses! I would love to try it or have a horse race next
 Yeah and I think it would be fun to ride. There's a website where you can listen to thousands of episodes from the show in 40/40 quality. You might need to borrow that. There's a free concert going on now on the underground that is going on in Toronto. What kind of music. Probably to get people to listen for the shows
Yeah, it really does. I do have some free concerts for people. There is a website that you can get a schedule to see. You might want to take a trip to South Africa. What about ya
Yeah, I would like to visit South Africa. Speaking of museums, the National Museums of in Museums and Museums of Britain and the National Portrait Gallery of the UK have had Museums of Britain as part of the museums
 That's awesome. There's a website where you'll find information about local museums. It's called the National Geographic website. I would like that too
 I liked that. And there's a website where you can upload your thoughts on the Internet. I guess you know what they do
 I know. It's all done using the internet. It's so easy to use that if you ever think about it they call it the biggest information exchange for the internet
 It's definitely going to be the case. There's also a website where you can listen to thousands of episodes of PBS
Yes, it is super useful. You can find a lot of interesting facts about history that you do not know in our world today
Yeah, it's possible. In one of my jobs I do catch news on that website. One of the main things that's interesting is that I was able to find one of my neighbors and her kids using the internet
 Yeah and I don't believe they knew any of that but I do like that stuff. I think their kids are really fascinated with the internet sometimes. They're really addicted to it
Yeah, that has to keep them in check. The main thing that is interesting is how people can get information from the internet and what they are interested in. I wonder how that information has spread around the world
I suppose it would be a lot easier to spread information on the internet. I don't think people really notice that. If the internet spread through their heads, there would be more of that kind of information
That is actually true. I did not know that. People think they do it out of curiosity but it still makes a lot of sense
I honestly don't know what people think from what's going on, though
Not really? It is true that the government has plans of a secret society to spread a lot of information, but I think we as a country need to keep a count of what they are doing. Another interesting fact is a lot of people in Indonesia are getting their information using the internet instead of phones
 That's interesting. The internet uses a lot of bandwidth so one of the problems is getting it on and off the phone. I wonder where all of the information is, how many of its uses have been for personal consumption
 The internet is interesting. I didn't know that internet was the technology that made it. People use it to stream a lot of news and entertainment. The internet probably just uses it to connect different parts of the brain
Well, it all depends on the type of information that you have. There's a wiki for the government to keep track of the statistics or things about government and other things
It does seem like they should try to keep out of things so that people can actually get something like that, I think there are more than 200 different people on that wiki, all of which are really useful
I don't think it is easy to keep track, I suppose. Apparently even the government uses the internet as information base to keep track of what people actually need for their information
 I think people do that because it allows their knowledge of government, especially with such broad topics
Yeah, I think that would be a good base to try to keep track of what people really want to know
 And that would be great for the government to constantly update information
The government even uses the internet to store information about the activities. We really are in a weird place right now though so that info would be interesting to research
It would be, but even if some random event in the internet makes you think about it, it really doesn't have to create new facts. The data is stored in a very wide area and it has the ability to tell you anything about it, so it would be interesting to know
That doesn't hurt. It is a lot of data, and that would be fascinating to find out
