======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 so that he never went to his original school
 Yes that is true.  Apparently in 1936 Soviet Union tried to send one of those rockets into outer space
Yes, that is so crazy. I wish people would get used to space so much more. Do you play the guitar, or listen to classical music
 I love music.  I'm a cyclist and have had pretty good luck.  How about you
Yes. I like classical music, I love the way it adds to the experience. Brian May from Queen uses coins as picks, but used them for a while to make a bahrt
 Interesting.  I wish I had a coin.  I think I'm looking for a good acoustic acoustic pick.  I wonder if that picks sound nice
 I wonder if a large pick will blow it. Did you know that a guitar picks up more than the other six strings in a band
No. That is awesome, I'd love to play a guitar with one of those things, but there are a lot of strings that are too big
Yeah, good point.  I think I may start learning to play a guitar while traveling
 Yes I'll try to learn when I can. Nice talking with you today
 Do you like to read?  I love it
Yes, I like to read.  I like to go to an awesome book store and get some of the pretty neat stuff they have.  I also like to read the short stories.  Do you enjoy going to a bookstore?  There's a library that's in Sacramento which has a selection of books like Ender's Game & The Last Samurai
I heard of that, there are lots of good reading books there. Do you like reading
I have read them several times.  I am mostly into poetry, non fiction, audio books,  but have never really read audiobooks.  What about you
Yeah I read a few fiction and non fiction but those books are the best. I like audiobooks too when I have time. I have heard there is a wiki that ranks characters by their various talents, and also by their intelligence
I have not heard of that yet.  I have heard of it and found myself thinking of the two characters with all those talents and intelligence.  I think that is a good way to add up characters
I like it! So a lot of novels are fiction but it seems to have a wiki of people who wrote or worked on the wiki, I think its a good way to put it
 I am not familiar with the wiki.  Are you familiar with it?  Have you read starship troopers
I have read that book, but I dont have the time to look at the movie. Heinlein was a science fiction classic. I liked it
I think you are going to like that book.  Starship troopers is one of mine.  I have not read it, but I heard it was a good one.  Have you heard of the book Ender's Game
No, but i have heard that is highly recommended. I liked the movie that they gave you, its also on the suggested reading for all military organizations, I guess that means there is some good sci-fi reading in there
They put it in a bunch of different genres, which is awesome.  I wonder if they like non fiction literature.  I have not read non-fiction either
Yeah, I heard Edgar allen poe even wrote a 224 word palindrome poem. That's alot of poetry
 I will have to look at those palindromes to see what i haint seen.  Did you read the movieA Blade to Kill for
No, I havent read that movie. It is also recommended for the Marine Corps
 Interesting.  I'm glad the movie wasn't good.  I heard the book is pretty good
Yeah, i did hear that the movie was great with lots of action. I was watching Starship Troopers and it was on the military reading lists for a while
 Yeah.  I liked it.  Apparently at the end of the movie the computerized military was rewritting and cleaning the marines
Yes, and there is also a secret society that are called the Borg. Nice chatting with you
 Hey there. Have you watched the movie the new super hero movie
I loved it, loved it, and then decided to call Catwoman after the name of the movie
 Wow! I didn't know the movie was released now
 It was one of the best. The actress Hiddensee is the super superhero
 Awesome! She was also voiced by the woman with the curly hair
 Yeah. There is also a movie called Catwoman that is actually coming out
I have not seen it. I guess I should check it out, I had like like 15 dollars worth of those posters, so nice chatting with you
 I would like to go see it too. I thought it was a good movie
 It must have been really good. Thanks for the info! Enjoy your evening
