======== SAMPLE 1 ========
. Are you all right?
We just did.
What are we talking about?
Are you and mom here?
It will never work. My dad always gave me a real reason to be scared in the first place. He had a son who had to grow up...a...broken heart.
You really think that's too hard?
I just want to have some sense.
Mom, I'm scared.
This can't be.
I won't be seeing you this weekend.
It's me. I like to go out.
Hey! The sun! It's bright!
Mom.
That's not what we're looking for! That's an obsession of mine! A real love interest to me!  I don't want to go. Just come, for chrissakes!
You look like you've been trying to think of something to say thanks to those lights.
A lot of times.
I'll see what I can do.
It's nothing.
You'll go out. You better go.
Dad's not here. I mean I know I have to stay home --
Mom, can you wait for us?
I'm just waiting for Dad to be here.
I'm having a nightmare here already.
Mom, can you tell Dad what the dream was just now?
That can't happen until I'm alone.
Ohhhh, I'm just so excited.  What's going on?
Mom, there's not much I can do to help you here.  Mom, I swear if this dream...it's terrible I'll never see you again.
Daddy doesn't mean anything by this. I'm just going to stay here until my father finds me.
Yeah, that's right. I guess he'll find you.
Mom, what's that?  Mom, it's so far away from my father. I can't feel him, but I feel how...it comes back to...when I want to feel love or sleep...
I don't know.
I don't know if you're hungry or what. You're probably hungry too, I guess.
But I'm hungry, and then I dream I woke up and I was just going back to sleep. Then I wake up and I'm a completely different person. I just have no...no sleep.
Mom, I'm sorry...I didn't know you were like this.
Mom, you've been real good.
Thanks for helping me, but I really appreciate it. I used to dream when Mom was here. In my dreams, there was my Mom, and I would just sit on a beach and dream of her, there was her, and then when the waves hit me, I'd wake up in the middle of the ocean and I'd be frozen... and then when I looked down and down and down and down in the water and then I'd be the ice. And then I'd be frozen and...it gets cold and it gets dark and it looks that I was in a dank state and I wouldn't know I was frozen. The day I woke up, I was frozen and I felt that cold and it froze me. It's like I'd been frozen for the moment and then it came to the time I saw her and then...it woke me and I said to Mom, Mom, it's too bad. It's the best thing that ever happened to me.
Yeah.
I don't know what it is.
Oh my God.  And Dad.
It's not anything.
What's that supposed to hurt?  I don't even know what it is.
Well you just have to remember, all this time, I don't realize I'm such a good kid.
You said I was a good kid.
What'd you say?
I was a good kid.
Ohhhh, honey...what?
It was you.
Ohhhhh...
I know it's weird. I don't want to hear myself say this. I'm so embarrassed.  But that's the way it comes out to me. It's a lot of things, a lot of things in one breath.
It's very weird.
Did you ever really want anything?
I couldn't sleep.
I haven't been this happy since I've been here. I wanted to get some sleep.
That's awful.
I don't know whether to be excited or disgusted...I know it's strange and wonderful, but I just have to dream one night and then every night I want him.
Well what am I going to do? I always try to...
Mom, I'm not like that.
I really want to think about it.
Yeah.
Are you sure?
You must be hungry?
Mom, I'm hungry.
Mom, what are you doing here?
It's very nice of you, honey.
Ohhhhhh, honey,
