======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 at the top of Mt. Everest and has 3g service there
Yeah I wish I could be that fast, I would like to travel to Europe at 160 mph if I get there
I'd probably be running a few miles a day. Luckily the Dutch are doing that and I didn't know about that... It has to be really quiet because you need a quiet airplane..
 I wonder if that was ever built into their bus plans for airports
It would be pretty scary to get lost off in that part of Europe, all of their highways are tolls
 That is pretty rough. I never have eaten at least one side of my plate
Yeah I want to go to Japan but I wonder if it's worth the drive, and the roads there are all pretty bad at tolls so they have no choice
Maybe, but maybe not. Apparently in Mackinac MI they don't have motorized vehicles so the roads there are basically completely different than what they are in Michigan. I wonder how many years it took for that to happen
I wonder that too, that must be a super expensive drive! Did you ever own a car with a trunk
I wish I did, I want to be forced to use a regular one, you can put it in the back of your car and take it with you when youre done
That's nice... Not like I live in Michigan without cars. I live in Iowa, so it gets pretty cold there
I live in Iowa, so I have no natural climate here, I'd like some sun there though..
I'd like to be forced to use a car that has flame throwers if it, so that the car has to stop at least, I'd be pretty desperate if I was in iceland
That sounds like I would be, too. I'd never even go there. I think its all cold
Maybe the cold is from when the car was a luxury car, maybe that's it... I don't actually have a car of my own though
That sounds odd to me. I'm with the no cars rule in the car, but I don't feel the need to. Are you allergic to cars? I'd assume I should be allergic to them, though. I also don't feel like I should just go without it
I think its a good thing that people should be self-aware about their surroundings. It's the only way there is one driver for Uber or Lyft, so we can't just sit around and watch them drive..
That's true, and I think it creates such problems because it's almost impossible to keep an eye on drivers, because most of the time they're just in the presence of the Uber or Lyft. You have to be at least awake to see it happen
Me too, it probably will not happen. I wonder if the drivers ever have the signal turned up on their phones? I wonder if they ever have to pay for a ride on the Uber or Lyft. Did you know they got their first pay option at the age of 19? I wonder if it has always been like that
Yeah,  and then they had to find a way to make so much cash instead of paying more late fees
It's crazy, that the reason they're so good at driving drivers is because of drivers that want to make minimum wage, like on a car. I really don't know how many people go broke because of drivers, but you get paid minimum wage on a hourly basis. That doesn't always happen
I know,   I have to wonder if they just let the drivers eat more healthy and not eat so much.  and how many people make $12 000 or more a year and they have to work to make more
I don't know? I would think they would try to fix the problem and fix it. I don't know how well they do on that side though. If people can make the minimum wage and leave and make more money that the rest of the country that's great. If they can't they won't change the economy. It's like why can't the u.s. president get a shoe
 I was just thinking some of the things we need to fix and have a chance to help.  it seems like they will get done without their taxes.  that will all get passed down the pipe here
Yeah, it's interesting how people use their platforms to influence policy, like when they supported the civil rights act. It seems like Trump is using the platform more than the policies and he could be in trouble. But his behavior hasn't really gone that far. I can't imagine any other president doing like that. What do you think? I heard Trump is considering building a whole wall for himself
I am told he is thinking about that,  i just dont see the benefit of that,  maybe a bunch of people trying to kill us on twitter,  or maybe some really crooked people  (probably)
The whole thing is insane. They didn't know that the US government owns a ton of
