======== SAMPLE 1 ========
Thays are getting better. They even have a high school team, which is pretty cool
That's neat. When my son was a kid he still used to play video games on his computer with his friends. I remember when that was actually just a hobby
Yeah, I did read that. That's crazy. I guess they know they're not as good as he is though haha, considering how high the game was at 3 or 4 years back when they were first founded. I don't know if you can get around the competition to play
Not really, the competition is usually pretty low
Well, if you don't play a tournament you won't get to compete, I'll keep an eye on your game though
 Do you like to play video games
 Yes to a certain extent. It's good to relax and be around people
 Did you know that theres more than one dozen video games still playable by the average person
Yes, I was just reading about that. Theres even a video games store in Japan that only plays video games
I also love to take part in the video games growing up. Have you gone to any of the games on the store in Japan
 I have not. What are some of them
 I have not too much but I have a lot of fun. Did you know the Nintendo Entertainment System only displayed 54 colors
Interesting, I remember it as that. What about the NES
 The same as the Nintendo Entertainment System. I don't remember
Interesting, and I think the system was discontinued in Japan in 2003 although it's still in the United States
Yeah, I remember that. Speaking of the game play, does that mean the world wide web is being visited
 Yeah and the traffic on it is even higher than at all other places
 Nice chatting with you
 Have a great day! Happy New Year
 Are you familiar with Judge Judy
I'm not, but I know there are many celebrities who like her, so I am curious
That is true, I don't know her as much as I might know the actual judges
 She does have a show you could watch on TV for sure
She does? do you watch much TV
 Not really but I have seen some good episodes sometimes
 Yeah. I would really like to visit New Orleans to see the old cars and the old buildings and see the old buildings as well
 Oh my goodness. Are you a fan of cars
 I like cars. Did you know there are 165 distinct car models worldwide
I believe it, I like cars, I like cars more than dogs haha
 Yeah there are a lot of different types of cars available to us and many of them have been around for a long time still, Surprised
I didn't know that. I am amazed at the speed and accuracy of the models. I like to ride my bikes
 I love bikes so I like riding in the cars and the bike system is very simple I also like to ride on the street
 Yeah. Did you know the average american family spends way more than $60!
I think thats nuts, it is like 2x the cost of housing for the first 10 years and then the housing and taxes go up
Yeah, I also like to travel, not so much so it means I can go around the world so I feel like that gets more convenient haha
Yeah I wonder where the highways go, maybe have a google maps app to see where the roads are. It is interesting the name google comes in handy for those
 Haha me too! I'm sure google maps knows your speed so well how they will figure out where you are!
 It is actually very interesting that people actually know what they are driving into so that they can know how fast you are driving. I wonder how they can be so slow at times, Surprised
 Yes that makes sense since cars actually have been around for 000 years that must be pretty long
 Haha I would agree. That is almost a thousand years of the earths history
 I didn't know that. That is a really long time. What do you like most about cars
 I like to drive too. In fact I've driven a lot. Do you have a favorite car
 I love cars
Did you know that you can go through a total of 1.5 million people in the world each year
 Wow! Wow! I have to run though. They are everywhere because everyone knows how to drive. You know, if you take a train from New Carolina to Harlem you are going through the same thing. Crazy
Yeah I hear about that. I also do like that there are tons of freeways across the whole country so I can easily get to work without running into cars and get to work with cars more easily
I am amazed at the speed of cars. I need to use a car to get around. I love driving. Did you know cars have a trunk in the back and a trunk in the front
wow, well that is cool! I have always liked the old
