======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 The "big-money" guys don't take kindly to the idea of going off on their first date and start dating another guy.
Because I didn't have the vision for "Danger?" My "big-money" guys have forgotten about that, and when you see a guy like that in a relationship, I can see them trying desperately to figure out what to do. And he's one of them. And it's a little ironic, really, because I was attracted to him for so long I've seen him go through some phase of that, and I haven't felt like talking to him for years.
And how'd you figure that out?
We were having dinner together, at the exact time his "dream" came true. And a beautiful girl came by and stood next to me. And I knew exactly what I was doing, really. In all honesty, I don't ever even realize I did it until I was doing it.
Sounds like you never knew.
The dream.
I don't know. I was wondering if I could stay up all night watching MTV and talk to this person.
And...what was that?
I can't figure that out.
What happened?
You know how it is. The more you think, the easier it is to fall apart.
It's been my experience that people fall apart pretty quickly if they don't experience something right away. So this is my chance to pull through. I met someone else this morning. He's a musician. We started talking about the big-money guys, and he wanted to start a band. And I told him I thought it was great. What it used to be... some kind of follow through on getting popular. He said, "Oh my Gosh, that was great."
What?
I don't know. I had some vague ideas about this sort of thing but I never really took it out the window. So what ya did was go into the store and watch some television. And it's always about money, and making sure you're going to the right people because your future depends on it. And it's all linked up and you get what you need. It's not going to pay you the same as it would normally be, at least not right away. But, eventually we'll realize we're not as crazy as we think.
So what do you figure it out about this...this all about me?
Well, I've seen it used to put things in the right places. And I guess people have to. As long as they're going to be ready to go to the movies. And that means watching the show, which happens to be more about following the process. And talking about it in a private way. I figure people get bored before they go to the movies, but they love to watch it. They go on to figure out how to do it.
I know what you mean. I'm glad I didn't put things like that on film.
So you know what we're talking about.
Oh. Of course.
You know what I want? For this show.
You know what I'm talking about?
That's so funny. You think people like me can just afford those things in this kind of price per corner, and the odds are you'll be one of the lucky ones. If I'm not, I'm not gonna stop playing the violin or driving. You know what I mean.
I just feel so much better about doing drugs and whatnot, that's all. How did you know?
How do you know?
I was a musician from the beginning. Then I started selling video billboards. All these really great bands came out, and I stopped trying to be a big shot. Like, "Titanic," "Freak In The Pants," "Love Story," and some other stuff. So, it just went downhill.
You were a big shot for a long time.
I'm just not ready to start playing the violin anymore.
I don't know what you're talking about, man. I'm not ready to stop trying to be a musician either.
I know.
I was a big shot as a kid. And now I'm tired.
Yeah.
I know this sounds weird, but I just thought of you, like, what's your name anyway? I just thought of you because I'm such an animal. and I didn't wanna be the only one, but I guess it took me a long time to think of you.
This is fun. You don't even know who I am.
That's not too much to ask.
You could have lived somewhere else. You could have decided to start living there instead of just living in a city. And I'm sure glad you finally showed up.
I'm not ready for what I'm going to do. I just can't quit. I wanted to come here, live here. I just couldn't. I had this
