======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 coll a show about the show
Yeah, I think it would make for a more interesting show. What is your favorite baseball show
Me either. The guy who was the first to make the first hit on a baseball bat
 I am not sure who else does that. I am not sure who he is though
Nice guy! But I do think he would be very successful in baseball once he retired because he was good at it and not just a guy who became a fan. That was the most important thing that people made for baseball since they were watching baseball
I know that, no matter what their name, you always have all the right things. That is why I like baseball. I have watched 3 or 4 games a week
Yeah, it has always been difficult to watch baseball because of the schedule on tv. I enjoy watching The Simpsons, I do watch a few of their shows
 I love baseball.  I like the Cubs, Phillies, and Nationals
 Did you know Bart Bart is a manager of the Red Sox?  That's amazing.  Did you hear that baseball team always play for the Red Sox
 I never knew that, I don't think I'll ever be able to tell you how to pick one of them at the end
I do know that Cubs team plays for the Red Sox.  One reason it's so hard to follow all the names
 Not sure. I didn't realize that Bart Bart is the only baseball player to be nominated for the All star team once
Yeah, he always wins the awards.  The Cubs, Cubs, and Nationals are the only real baseball franchises
 I think those are the only two. I wish they made more money
They won four straight and never make it out of the box. You can go to any site you want to visit to find out who made the most money. There is just this baseball team in Ohio that never goes 10-4
That is crazy.  I'm going to have to go watch my baseball from here.  Have you ever watched the baseball season
Yeah, have i ever seen it? I am not very into seeing shows
No, I have not seen something like that. I'm not sure how it happened
Yes it is a mystery. Do you get baseball's fastest home run hitter? I bet he is the fastest
I am, but I'm not in as much of a workout.  I have to go to the park to check the ball
I used to play, now I don't get much time to do.  Did you ever watch a baseball game
 I do not like to watch baseball. It was an all too common sport back in the 1930's.  It sounds weird but I don't think we have ever seen one in which the ball is being thrown from the end of the infield like in baseball
 I think they watch it. I love baseball, but I do not see why the MLB is too expensive
There is a reason and that baseball is so hard to play. It is very interesting though.  I like baseball on TV so much
 I also listen to the radio as well as on my cell phone. Sometimes they try to get into a radio station to play on my phone
Yes, it is interesting how they can broadcast live that we can't catch on tv, but there is a show that plays live on radios in Canada
They could use a live radio in a building in the US, and could get a radio station to play it
You could make that happen, but not in the US! I've never been to a country where people can listen to radio on land radios or live stations.  Apparently in France every week they are going to play live on air radios from the French station WNIL when they travel across the country
I wonder what kind of radio they call?  A station must have some kind of radios that can play sound on radio
 I do not know what those are.  I like to listen to classic radio.  I also enjoy listening to classic radio when I have a good radio. Some of my favorites are the ones that are so much better than the other ones
 I like to listen to old masters of old country radio, like Sennheiser, and it's amazing it really is so much better than all of those older ones
Yea I like the old ones. I'm not sure what Sennheiser is going to be doing then, they seem to have their own radio station
I know for sure that they were using that in Japan, for a lot longer time, and they still use it, but it seems like it's going to be more of a business model it'll have to have some sort of domestic audience of people. I'm always surprised about the country. The Canadian radio station Canada AM had over 200 episodes in one broadcast year
I'm not surprised too but not surprised. I would certainly like to try some shows that have Canadian listeners and could have an international audience. I can't imagine listening to country music in
