======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 a little in. Did you ever watch SNL
 I didn't watch that show much. I didn't catch it though. I didn't know they used to
 I had seen South Park before too. It is in another format. Did you watch that show
I heard it was pretty good back in the day, do you like the simpsons
 I have never watched. How about you
I don't really like that show, it's such a fun show to be in and to be a part of but I have never gotten into
Yea, it seems like it's almost always a comedy with a little action and comedy, I like south park
 Yea I think the simpsons had a huge following back in the day. Apparently there is only one episode Simpson never appeared in
That doesn't seem like it would be any good considering how popular it is right now, I wonder why they stopped then
 Me either. I just remember seeing that on TV with Family Guy
Yea, there are actually so many things to watch, I would have to binge to catch up though
Yea, apparently a show about a woman actually appeared before an episode of south park
 Nice. Funny they did it before the South Park aired. Did you watch the series finale before
I didn't, it was pretty bad though I guess, I might have to check it out again or else it might not be good. What are your thoughts on celebrities
 I think it is fascinating that they make more today than their counterparts in the past - there are some who are the worlds best at what they do and are famous
Yea it's amazing the amount of money they make, I think Robin Williams voiced ALot of the celebrities in his movie Aladdin
 Wow he must have done a great job. He really made the movies I'm sure. I really love him though though
Me too, I love his stuff even more he does some of his voices in animated films
 Me too - he does so many! It's amazing how much entertainment he has created
Yea, I think it is amazing how much he is the richest us president ever, with a guest house that is actually bigger than the white house
 Wow wow he is so rich I wonder what guest house is on that one
 Me and I would love to hear all our secrets like the president of Indonesia
 Yea but when he released pop albums he made a lot of money
 Nice! So he made so many
Yea, how much is really on record he probably made more then his wife! It was nice talking with you today, I hope you enjoy the rest of the day
 Have a good day
You too, thanks
 have a good day
 Hi how are you? Are you a basketball fan
 I'm well. Not a huge fan
 Yeah. My favorite team is the Hawks, what about you
 Yes. I can't believe that AirBnB is the number one basketball team in all of the worl Curious to dive deeper
 It's crazy to think that they did this in the 60's. What an empire
 I know right? Did you hear about that judge ruling over her clothing choices
 I did not. Who would have thought that
 Yeah it did. What a small fry. That's a good judge
 I'm sure she was fine or nothing and it made a big difference. Are you a fan of Kareem Abdul-Jabbar
 I like basketball. He's always a great player. Too bad LeBron never got a dunk shot that his sister could have gotten. He was a great player and one of the best ever
 Yeah and he was a player I like too. Kareen really got some hype. He is the youngest player since John Allen by Reggie's high school game
 Kareen played the ball so well that the team fined him 90 minutes of game play lol 
 Wow! He's a good player. Are you a fan of any other sports though
 I don't really watch much basketball. I usually don't watch much but I'm always curious about it. Have you watched NBA playoffs
 I am actually not a fan. They say the finals were good 
 I'm not sure if that was that. Wasnt it played all year
 Yes it was. They said they had a 17-time finals champion, Sad
 That was awesome! Tim Duncan of the Spurs went to the NBA. He stayed a pretty good college player
I love Tim Duncan even more, I think he played for four teams in college in high school
 That was the best one indeed. What did Duncan do
 Oh that was his last season
 I bet he was a very good player. Have you heard of Stephen Curry? He was on the Warriors in 2016
No, I've never heard of him. What team did he play against? How was he playing against Steph Curry
 He really scored and was the leader of the charge. He has been scoring points on both ends a lot with his teammates
 That's awesome
