======== SAMPLE 1 ========

Maybe that is it. The truth is, I've got nothing.
You mean it.
You said you have something else to tell me.
Not exactly.
Did you ever get what I wanted to?
Well, maybe some of it was. Maybe it was some of it... and I got a lot more than I deserve.
It's not exactly the truth.
I do. I was going to put some of this on the stove and bring in some soup, and I got some things I like, and that's it.
You're a good liar, isn't ya?
I'm sure we will.
You'll get us on the bus... The bus will go down. They'll be right here in minutes.
No, but I heard them talking to him. He didn't have to. I swear to God, he won't have to.  He won't have to.
Oh, God!
...that's too much, isn't it!
I'll keep the truth.
Well... but that's going to scare everybody... That will scare everyone.
It's going to scare everyone.
I mean, I don't need my money.  But the truth is--
You don't need your money or you won't believe that money.
That's right, the truth is...
You have an alibi.
I could find that out if you went to work.
What about the evidence?
Well, I'm a big believer that there is no one involved in this case.
I think you got your facts straight.
Oh... I'm sorry about that, but I had a lot of problems with the case last night.
How about that?
It's a good case, George. I've always been a big supporter of the law enforcement community. It's no secret, but you and I did a very good job and, frankly, now it is a good case.
George, you know that story? I think it's a good story.
I know what the paper says, George. I didn't say anything about it. I thought the case had been handled. I think it's clear it's done with proper paper and I'm going to have the papers do the report and report and get the depositions from the other parties. The depositions were there.
I know him well. He's one of George's men.
Yes...
He's my lawyer?
...in a paper.
No, not at all.
In a paper was it? I know you know him. I know the guy who's gonna tell the truth.
Yes, I do. I want to talk with him. I'm serious. We'll see how this goes.
No, wait. I want to talk to him.
Oh, he won't answer the door.  George, please, I'm sorry. We both want to talk, but you are absolutely right...
No, not at all. It's going to be very tense.
Yes, I'm sure. You'll call him tomorrow.  George, you're so grateful I want to talk with George again. I have to meet you tomorrow morning and you and the girl are going to go to work together, because you won't answer the door. You're sure George will be all right by the way?
Thank you, Mr. Grant. I really appreciate that.
No matter what happens... I know what will happen.
I never thought of it that way.
What's the matter with your father?
A second, that's all... And I still don't get it.
I can't believe we let you leave the station... I was there for you.
Yes.
I think I saw it.
Did you see it?
No, it's not there yet...
Yes...
But... I don't know why someone wanted to murder you. That's not true. That's what makes crime so hard to explain! All you did was be an ass of an asshole, and you were dead! You're in this because you're afraid your daughter is going to be with you in some morgue or hospital and you need that for your daughter! You've given your mother an awful hard time by leaving her locked up in a morgue and the police saying, "Oh, no! I don't want to do that. She's my sister! I told her to stay by her side. She'll be OK; I got to go in and pick up your file; I got to get the proof for the story."
But why did they leave your daughter locked up with his daughter?
No, George. It was an accident. He didn't know you lived alone! He was a very smart man, really, he was the first man in this town and he got out and he was smart as a bowler, he was a natural bowler, he knew nothing,
