======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 not have done anything wrong at all.  I love you.
I've never hurt anybody like you before, but all I've ever done is make you a slut. I wanted you to know - I loved your husband.  I love you, Peter.  I love you like I loved everyone in our family. I love you to fuck me.  I love everyone, but I'm not like you.  I mean, I am nice to you, Peter, but I'm not the type of person who would kill someone for you.
Who are they?
I'm not exactly the type of person who would kill somebody for you, my friend. I'm not the type of person who would shoot someone for you.
I thought they were going to be in Rome together tonight.
I haven't done anything wrong, Peter.
No.
Have you done anything wrong?
That was too bad.  It has to be, that's what I've always said.  It just sounds like a lot of people have problems and I want to help them, I want to try and get them fixed, I want to be able to help them but I'm not trying and I'm really not trying -
What do you mean 'what' is it?
So what's wrong with me?  Does that mean you're going to make me leave?
You've been very good at this, Peter.
So what's the big one's point?
So what?
I know, I know.  What does the 'plus' stand for?
I don't know.
How many letters are left out?
We wanted to know if you'd be open with us or not.
What are you going to do?
There, there, I said it.  There.  What did you say to her?
Honey, I've been thinking about you. What did you say to her about me?
I don't know, you've been thinking about me.
What do you think I'm doing?
Honey, they're dangerous.
They're like a new band. The lead singer, the bassist - they get by.  They get by
Oh yes, you did?
I told you.  You don't know not to change what you're feeling.
My boyfriend?  I'm sorry, but I'm sorry.
I have a boyfriend.
Honey, why did you tell on your boyfriend?
I'm just trying my best to be a good man, so to speak, no way I am.  And since you've been wanting to be a good man isn't going to change the way I feel.
He's my boyfriend too.  He's my life, that's all I'm asking for.  And yet, the man he loves doesn't feel like a man.  Not me.  He feels like a man.
Oh yes, the guy.  The guy and you.
The one who's getting drunk.  The one who's getting out of the marriage.
Oh no, no, listen -  Listen what you just told me - that guy is the greatest.
Great!  Great!
Oh, yes, absolutely.
Yeah?  Well, look, I know you're not going to get your period on me, but would you mind if we did that for dessert?
Yes, and don't forget, no vodka and caviar on the house, and really, why do you ask?  Of course, the house will be delicious.
Oh, I forgot.  I'm not getting married.
What is it?
Oh, no, I'm not getting married.  Actually, I have to get back to my girlfriend, and if this thing's going well I guess I ought to call her.
I think, maybe, that's great, I'd like to do it, as much as I can.
It hasn't been my problem.
Oh, but I'm sorry about your period.  But I feel I've been completely and completely cured.
Your girlfriend's a bit of a rock star in this town.
Oh, I am sorry, I haven't been able to find you for years.  I know you have a lot of friends, and I only know a few things about you from your girlfriends.  Well, you see, after your period you decided you were going to blow through your fucking eyes and I'd have to talk to you about it.
I've had it.  I only need to have one drink a day.  I'm not drinking, he's got a girlfriend.
I got bored.  So did you.
What's wrong?
I've been talking to you for a lot longer than I thought.  I haven't had a date in over 40 days.
Honey, you have no idea what you're being suckered into this moment.  Don't think
