======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 I do too. I would say I'm the best at it, but I think I can do better.
yea, me too. I like to be be overwhelme not to mention people underestimate the power of imagination
Hi!
Hello!
how has your week been?
It's good. It's a really hard one. There's so many types of questions I've tried cooking one before, but never really got around to it.
I see. Ok. Did you make it?
I've done it in the past few months. It's pretty cool!
ASK, help me appreciate what I'm doing for the world.
Haha. Are you trying to make things for yourself?
No, I'm making music
oh wow! I should check out AS Club, it's an old, cool, family friendly place that has great music. I've always wanted to go there
Great music to drink. Mix it with a sip of coffee
Ah, great! I'll check out As Club. I haven't had a chance to try it yet. I think it's cool that it's based on a true story, instead of a video game.
That sounds like something I would be able to play.
Do you have a favorite band?
I used to love MySpace. Now they've turned it down! What do you use there?
I used to love the band KATU. cx
Oh cool! Basketball team. What did you have here?
I went to the Jazz, Gospel, and PTA tradition, but admit I don't have any favorite.
Ah, Kansas Jayhawks. They've been around a long time. One of my favorites were the zodiac, when I was growing up
Awesome! Do you know any other fun jazz bands you enjoy?
Yes! I enjoy listening to jazz all the time. My favorite band is Tha jazz phenomenon.
Oh, really? I heard he started a jazz orchestra. I'm going to Mexico this coming season
Oh nice! I'm sorry to hear that. But I'm excited to go to Mexico. This will be my first time visiting Aztec culture in a long time
This will be my second visit to America, and the first time is very fun to visit. I think I will go to Mexico and go to the US.
Ah, the US is a lot different from Europe. I was able to see all the historical sites, as well as some of the cities in Mexico. I was able to visit some of them later.
Awesome! Thanks for your time!
Hi!
Hi there!
How's life?
I was studying acting. How about you?
That's very impressive! I am not much of a dancer. I would have to change topics, and repeat the activity every day.
haha, that would be interesting to try for long term, I would say!
Sure, which sport would you be okay with?
I'm okay with any specific sport.
Cool. I'm actually not that good at it, but my roommate is!
Oh cool! What are you up to this month?
Nice to meet you! I'm Neal!
Are you a big robot?
I'm pretty bad around here. I heard some robots are very impressive when they're depressed. For me, it's all about the Robots. I'm not a robot and I should be able to find a way to make my loved ones happy. But I've been bad about helping them recently, so it's like having a baby. I'm not a robot as long as I'm able to make my loved ones happy. That's what we're called. What are you doing
I was working on a volunteer project to build trust in robot information, and I got a virtual robot cafe in my home. A bit far fetched though 😀
Are you serious?
Hi!
Oh, I heard about it. Kind of makes me sad when I shop for robot stuff.
lol It's sad really bad. I try to take robot, or am I just being a bad mongolmer
You seem to be a good person. How about yourself?
Hi!
Hi! What do you do for work?
I'm actually a cake chef, so not far off! Creepy how good that guess must be. I love baked goods. What about you?
I love baked goods also. I'm told gym bag sound like an awesome fact
That is a good way to put it. I work in a group meeting sometimes.
haha...what activity do you run during work?
I sometimes run marathons, events, or sprints.
what about you?
I run a lot during work. Mostly by myself.
haha, that's a cool way to put it
Are you sure you want to get a cookie at the store?
Anything good <REDACTED_TERM> :)
