======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 a lot of money now, and who knows what the next-highest paid celebrity will do.
It is always good to have a new gig when you have more money.  With Judge Judy now, I guess she makes 123k per episode
I would have never thought of doing that per episode, but I suppose it makes sense considering she is the highest paid celebrity, which could be good
True... I wonder how long Judge Judy will last in the role.  I mean, there's still some time to go, maybe her skills will be better.  I hope she is on the show again.  What do you think of the highest rated TV show on Netflix, Mad Men?
I haven't watched any episode. I would probably never ever watch it. If I was a star, I would watch it! Maybe on that show a star could bring back childhood memories of their real family
I would watch with my wife as well.  I liked Mad Men, but it didn't last the first few seasons.  As of now, it's the 11th season
That would be a good show to binge on, I'll stick with the first few seasons myself! I am really enjoying the show on tv now, and you
I agree?  I might do so, with the last few seasons, but it's too much to keep up with.  So, do you like baseball
I am a huge fan, but I only follow around the playoffs and the World Series, which I don't keep up on as much. I am not a diehard fan either, LOL
 That's surprising because the same team won 6 back to back series?  Isn't that crazy
Yah, but it is a shame because what really happened back in May was amazing. They won back-to-back world series, too
They won the World Series, too?  That's incredible.  Did you know that baseball managers can technically play for their teams if needs arise, just not for the most part
 I never thought this but it makes sense when you think about it. They need to be passionate about things like that
Yes, maybe they could use some extra passion on their resume!  I'm glad the managers can be more passionate about things like that
 Do you use Netflix all the time
 I used to but I got too busy. How about you
 I do use it but I used to stop. It's crazy to me that Netflix spends so much on postage than on bandwidth, Surprised
That makes sense. I wonder if it's just going to grow though. At the beginning, the company was just a video rental business. Now, they employ hundreds on more than people, who don't even own the rights to use it
That's an interesting perspective. Reed Hastings was inspired to start Netflix after racking up a $40 late fee on a vhs copy of Apollo 13. That's amazing, Surprised
 Wow! Now he has to deal with ridiculous late fees. I wonder what would happen if Blockbuster bought netflix for a much lower price
That would be a terrible business decision! I mean if you really care about quality and competition, it's hard to not buy them at that price, lol. Blockbuster has been around a while, so it must make a lot of sense then, since they started way back in the 80s
 I do miss them when I am driving and all that! I just wish their movies were not over charged when they racked up billions in debt. I would not mind returning. They had good buy options so I would be fine with that
Haha yeah, same with the whole movie industry, all these great movies from their movies. Well I really miss the late fees! It's been great chatting with you have a great day
 Hey there what do you think about the Supreme Court
Hello,  I enjoy the court.  Ive seen some of their games but dont really follow them.  How about yourself
Yes I do too, they play a lot to offic the games, it is a cool court but not the best venue
 Haha I agree.  Did you know that The supreme court building has a basketball court on the top floor called the highes basketball court
Wow I did not know! I wonder if they have a game where it is on top of the supreme court, kind of unfair
I guess,  thats a good guess lol lol
 I agree! Do you like rap music that much? Busta ryh , NWA's album Straight Outta Compton was the first album to reach platinum status without the support of airplay or a major tour
Thy is kind of amazing,  I wonder what song of his song is the best lol
 Yeah I don't know! I wonder if he has a duet with Jay Z or if he has to keep playing as long as he is not losing it's rhythm! I can't believe how popular Linkin Park's Hybrid Theory is now that is
