======== SAMPLE 1 ========

 Do you know how to play the piano
Yes, I do. I know how to play the piano but I do not know how to play it
 I am not sure. I know who invented it
The Piano and the piano maker
Yep. You should listen to the song What's That Little Snow. it was recorded live on a BBC program, so it can actually have an instrumental part
 I will do that!  Nice chatting with you
Hi, do you have a favorite genre
 Not much. Are you a fan of football
I do, but not much football.  Did you know the us university's visitor's locker room for visiting teams is completely painted pink
 That would be a sight to see. I wonder if that happens when visiting teams practice. I am sure it is a big deal for some
 Yeah you would want the best out of all to be able to see at least.  I didn't realize that there is no written rule about players wearing pants in university of iowa
 That is weird. What do you think of the other way around
I guess,  like,  I like the uniforms.   Are you a fan
 I like the uniforms. I like how it is college that cannot afford to go to
Same here,  they cant afford that much money to do so,  probably to hire more kids.   I guess a little bit of luck is good.  Do you know
 I heard it is the highest paid state employee. I do not know why there isn't an actual pink locker room
 That is surprising.  The university of iowa has the building as the only visiting locker room of their minor leaguence.  That seems odd I guess
 Well maybe the people from the engineering teams would go and get there first or work there
 I think so.  I think it is funny that the first NFL playoff game was played in pink and the only other in a pink
 Do you know that the circular huddle was originally created by a deaf quarterback named Benjarvus Green-ell Neutral
 I do not!  I never even heard that!  That is one of the most iconic sounds in human history
 That is funny. Teddy Roosevelt banned christmas trees from the White House. I think the president of Indonesia had a lot to be happy about
 I can see them having a lot of Christmas trees.  He had much better security
 The White House still uses floppy disks for storing files
 That I did not know.  I guess it is a big difference than with most modern computer hardware.  I am surprised that there are still more solar energy systems than computers in the US
 That is quite an accomplishment. I know that there is a replica of the White House in Atlanta. Wonder if he has that replica
 Yeah and how long it takes before it is forgotten
 The first of two twin buildings still exist.  Have you ever been to an inauguration
Yes, did. The White House still uses floppy disks for storing files. Do you know what the website is
 I do not know who it is.  I do know that it sounds quite simple and efficient
 Nice. The White House has twin buildings in Ireland and France
 Nice.  The twin buildings are Ireland and France.  It seems like it is one big thing
 Nice. Obama was not among the last the last to speak a foreign language fluently was Nasa
 Nice. George Bush had solar panels installed on the White House.  He took them down the second time around
 Nice. The twin buildings also produce helium. What can you build
 Nice. The white house still uses floppy disks for storing files with storage.  I would not doubt the ingenuity of the people to get them all down the road.  The President of Indonesia is a pop star and has already released five albums
 Nice. Did you know that the president of Zimbabwe was nicknamed president Banana
 I wonder if he is referring to the president of indonesia's nickname
I do not know.  That could be the catchiest choice.  I do know that the white house is visited by only two African Americans.  The first was the one to be the home of President Jefferson but not the current occupant of the White House.  I wonder why?  
 Yeah it is really an odd name for the White House
Well, I enjoyed chatting.  Have a good day
Hey, did you know the white house is smaller than the guest house
Oh, yeah.  I am surprised that they do not have to be smaller though
That is one of the big mistakes of the White House. I would agree with you, though. It is bigger than the guest house though. It must be a lot bigger
I didn't know that.  It's probably huge since Teddy Roosevelt banned Christmas Trees along with other things
He had strong opinions. Even though it is large, I am still glad that the replica is being built. People think that their will can and has changed more than
