======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 we have a lot to learn together 🙂 If you could eat only one food for the rest of time, what would it be?
Hmm... That's a tough one. I think I would go Asian Food > Chinese Food > Stirfry. What about you?
I think ice-cream. It may not be that good, but I wouldn't care, haha
I love ice cream too!
Okay, top three flavors?
I like vanilla more than chocolate ice cream. I typically will do any variations on vanilla. To pick from the top of my head, I would say Cookies and Cream, Mint Chocolate Chip, and Coffee. How about you?
Ah, that's a good way of framing it. Me, I like berriesboysenberry one, strawberry two, maybe straight chocolate number 3 to mix it up a bit.
Very nice. I love sorbet's and smoothies. Changing topics, Do you believe in an afterlife?
Yes. I wonder if I'm in it right now. How would I know? What do you think?
I think so. I feel there must be something more than the physical world as we understand it.
There's a mental world, I suppose? Understanding itself
What is the most supernatural experience you have ever had?
I went to a seance once in college. They had a ouija board. I can't remember if we actually contacted the spirit world because I had a bit too much to drink.
Haha.. that's a cool experience. I went to a Hindu retreat before, a number of Buddhist temples, and hung out with Christian Mystics in Santa Cruz before.
Hi!
Hi, how are you doing!
I'm doing well. what are you up to?
Yeah, typical work stuff. Check emails and 99% of the inbox. delete 99%
wow, that's impressive. I already gave up on cleaning emails long ago
lol doesn't it bother you at all
yea, a little bit, but it's okay 🙂 what do you enjoy doing outside work?
Well, movie? I watched Terminator last night. It was a nice movie
ah cool. so you like action movies?
Not really. But it was fun to watch with friends 🙂 It was touching at the end of the movie
what happened there? I watched bits of Terminators movies but never a full one
Are you sure you want the spoiler 🙂
haha sure. by the time, I get to it; I will forget the details, only knowing that it's touching at the end
😂 well someone died at the end Or some robots, to be more accurate 😉
oh no, so it's not happy ending?
The leading character is still alive and the bad robots was killed too. So I guess it is happy ending
then I want to watch it! you didn't spoil much 🙂
Nice! Hope you enjoy it!
Thanks!
Hi!
Hey, how are you?
doing great! what are you looking forward to?
thanksgiving holidays 🙂
yay! Turkey and shopping!
not a big turkey fan! I find it too dry
yea me too. I sometimes eat noodle soups in thanksgiving instead haha
yeah, I would have noodles anyday over turkey. Not sure how the turkey tradition started
me neither. someone told me that it depends on the stuffing inside the Turkey. some people make very good stuffing
yeah, that and the gravy. Gravy helps make it taste better too. But apart from food, Black Friday deals are a catch. Let's see what they have this year
yea. what do you plan to buy?
thinking of getting a fitbit
ah cool. so you can run more frequently?:)
yeah, just keeping calories in check
yay, all the best with keeping calories in check! How about you?
I am thinking about getting a lot of exercise each week. What about you?
that's a good idea. I need to run now for a meeting. ttyl
Hi
Hello!
Today is a work day! How did you have time for that? I'm going through a lot right now. How about you?
I'm going through a lot right now. Let's get a massage first
Nice... I always get the urge to ramjet thoughs at work or somewhere else.
That's a great idea. I think about getting a work out, but I know it's very hard
I also know it's very hard to play f chord
yup!
Hi!
Hi! How's your day going?
Pretty busy, lots of work to finish up. What are you working on?
I'm working on a new classifier.
ohh, interesting! What kind of classifier
A new classifier for hate speech. Which research topic catches your eyes most?
You're so cool. Making world a better
