======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 did it get cancelled
I don't recall that show. I do remember seeing the episodes but I've gotten too nostalgic for it now. Speaking of nostalgia, in the 70s, the Simpson's crew sent the South Park producers flowers after they aired their Family Guy episode! They deserved it
Hilarious! I don't remember that one either, but that was pretty funny
 They also made fun of Family Guy. I think they felt like they were just being dramatic types of jokes
That's probably why people never watched the 70 show. I remember when it aired, they had already cancelled it by the time it aired its final episode. The last I heard from a South Park fan was that they got flowers from the Simpsons crew, but did nothing to make me go see it. Do you watch Netflix
I watch netflix on most weekends. Do you have a favorite show, like the Green Lantern or stranger things
I watch Stranger things. I like Stranger things, both animated comedies! How about you
I have seen all the movies and also the movies on Netflix. Stranger things doesn't take itself too seriously, but that doesn't sound too convincing though. If I remember correctly, the guy (guest star Jack Black) had to read a bunch of fan letters to get his 10$ offer when Netflix went public a year earlier! I wonder what made him start Netflix
Interesting enough, it's funny Blockbuster could have bought Netflix for 50 million
 I'm not surprised they had to go to make that offer. I know a lot of Blockbuster's stock is worth something now. Ha! You didn't notice that someone named Reed Hastings was the person that originally bought Netflix for 50 million! That's a pretty cool guy
Wow, now that would be worth a lot!  Did you know that Netflix spends 20 times more on postage than bandwidth?  I'm surprised there's not a more way to get streaming
 No doubt! I wonder what Blockbuster feels guilty for not buying Blockbuster? Ha! I know they had that chance to buy out a few times and I think their bad decision though LOL
Haha, I can't believe that would be like a good business move.  They probably considered making a new deal out of something great!  I always though Netflix would be worth way more then, I guess blockbuster couldn't do that
It's a strange thought. Well, it's been nice chatting with you. I hope you enjoy the rest of your day. I hope you have a nice day as well! It's been nice chatting
Great chatting with you as well, I hope you have a nice day as well
 Ditto. Hope you have a wonderful day as well. You may have a great day as well! Take Care
Hello, do you like football
Hello, I do watch football, how about yourself
 I watch a ton. I didn't realize what a huge sport until I saw how Iowa scored a touchdown on third down
Really?  That's impressive.  Do you know what the first team to score a touchdown on third down was
 I don't honestly. I don't think I remember what it was. That's hard to say no
Haha, right?  Do you know how many first downs Iowa's score came in
 I think it was just a few minutes
Yeah.  They had only 21 to go in them, which is a lot
It seems like the players don't know anything about the game at all. They were all so nervous. The only time they ever got picked was to score. It was during the first superbowl, which was over a decade ago. I wonder if anyone used their intelligence
I think I remember watching that game.  You know, I didn't know a game that was that long was only played a total of 2 time at Lambeau Field
Yeah, people really didn't realize there was so much to watch. It's hard to imagine what the NFL stands for
Right, I guess some people don't have time for anything else.  Did you know that the NFL has no written rule against female players
Yeah, there's no written rules. Not that I'm a fan. I wonder which team would want to play women? I think I'd be upset that there aren't any women in the league
Oh, that is true.  You know, a high frequency music that you can hear even on a super high frequency phone can be heard.  You could listen to a car chase scene in the radio
I heard that. I wonder what the average lifetime earnings of an engineer are higher than the average for an NFL player
 I don't know!  Engineers get paid way more than the NFL players.  lol
The average NFL game is over 60 minutes of action per game. That's insane
That is a lot!  LOL  I could not even get a job as a football player because my team wouldn't take me because I'm too short ha ha
Yeah, it's
