======== SAMPLE 1 ========
cha, that's a great question.
You know what I mean.
We're getting married tomorrow, don't we, Miss Pilletti?
All right.  You see, you see how many men, and how many are married? --
How many?
I would.
I see the same thing today. How many of them you saw today, anyway, are divorced?
How many years have you been married?
Well, now that you have a wife -- what does that make me, you, Miss Pilletti? I'm married.
What?
You see, I haven't married since two months ago? What is it, Miss Pilletti? It's because I haven't had time, so I won't --
You see, Miss Pilletti? You haven't married?
No, I didn't, I -- you know, because I -- I -- I won't marry unless I can prove --
You didn't, you didn't, Miss Pilletti.
That's what I said to you yesterday -- I knew you weren't going to marry, that I didn't think you were going to marry.
I'm sorry, I --
I won't.
Oh -- you're sorry.
Do you really think I'm going to marry you?
What?
Do you want to talk about it?
Letting you go is the wrong answer.
Oh, you know what I mean.
Then you didn't wait all afternoon and went home the afternoon after.
What?
Then I don't know.
I'm not sure.
I mean where?
I know what you mean to me.  When I see someone -- we're all like that.
I didn't think I was going to marry you, I mean.
I think I came here because I was upset at being asked a question that I had no idea was going to be so interesting.  I'm not sure, but I came here because that was a very funny thing to say.
Why?
I -- I came to ask you what I thought about it. I -- I came to say, to you, what? What was I going to do with a girl at school? My own wife? Well, I don't know -- I -- I might have been a pretty girl at the time, isn't that it, isn't it?  I have no idea what it's ever meant to me to be an American citizen, which is why I -- if there was a question or a thought that I had to ask another question which I had no idea had the meaning that -- and the reason they gave for it was because I was a foreigner and I --
Maybe -- when I think about it.
I've never been married, I've never had kids, I've never married, I hardly ever see anybody, I don't know why I -- I sort of thought maybe I was going to get married.
That's very good.
I can't get married in that house.
You must see a man for sure.
And what happens then?
This morning the lady --
I guess I may be.  I never -- I never really thought I was going to have a baby. I mean, I think my mother wanted me to.
You've been married for --
I have kids.
I didn't know you were going to have a baby, do you?
And you won't, you know?
I mean that, that you've come here because --
I don't know. I mean, I don't know what it means.
You won't give me an answer?
You came here to stay -- you've been here a long time.
I'm sorry.  I -- I think I'm getting this wrong. I -- I thought maybe I should marry you.  But you know what? I -- I didn't marry anybody.
And then --
What?
You've gone in the wrong -- you've left me here today.
It's too late. It's too much for me, Miss Pilletti.
I'm sorry, I -- I -- I --
You shouldn't have come. I shouldn't have married someone. It -- it -- It's really --
The point is -- the -- it's no use -- it isn't here. The point, what it should be for me to do is for me to marry you --
You can't, Mr. Garrison. I'm glad I came back -- you've just --
Thank you. It's just so nice to come back -- it's just like home.
There isn't anybody here.
There isn't anyone here?
It's very nice, Mr. Garrison.
I've come back and --
And where are you going?
My wife is -- well, that's exactly what she said.
Mrs. Pilletti --
Don't bother about this
