======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 a great deal of money.  If I had it, you could just start a grocery site down the coast and you could have a million dollar ranch.
What do you think would be fair?
...for one day in every month.
I have no farm bill, no car, no college tuition.  I've never worked in any kind of real estate field.  I have no position.
So you've never --
Yes, I know.  I don't know.  Maybe there are situations where there is some fair... amount of time.
...but in the interest you make, it would make a beautiful... ranch...
...I would have that money -- but with some farm land, maybe... what kind of land would you have?
Well, you don't really have much of a future.
Well, I have to do one thing for my farm...
It's tough, isn't it?
...I don't do very well at real estate.
Not really.  He's got an interesting future, and you can teach a son-of-a-bitch what he's doing.
Does he?
Not really, no.  I have a son-of-a-bitch...
The best I ever saw Mr. Smith teach.
You're good, Jimmy.
I guess she wasn't your choice.
I guess you are.
I'm the only one who can explain it for you.
I don't think I know it all.  The last I heard, this was the fourth time, I'm telling the truth, I don't believe it.
You didn't.  You didn't.  I said, "Why not?" You got me.
They said he'd get married.
What does that mean?
They said he'd get married.
You?
The second time?
What?
What was the fourth thing they said?
I don't have the answers.
...that I could do better?
...the truth just won't make sense and you didn't tell it to me.
...they didn't do that...
...you didn't, Jimmy.
I want him back.  I want him saved.  I want it now.
I thought you'd do it and now you want to believe it and now you don't want to believe it.
That's very hard, Jimmy.
And the truth.
Yes.
You remember that long ago.  That time.

What you've got is a history lesson for us.  Things like the Bible. Things you read in the bible. Things that people read in the...
I've told you that, Jimmy.
...the bottom line is no.  Your son-in-law should make you proud.  If you do what he says and don't do it, then the Bible is your enemy.  But that doesn't mean you won't have to do the right thing in this fight.  You've got a lot of people on opposing sides of everything. Even your son-in-law.
...that's all I can say.
It's only a beginning.
...and they're gonna take everything down with them so they can squeeze it more ins and more out.  And when they're inside they're gonna use it for political cover, then they'll put 'em out of business, and I'll say to myself, "I tried to do good for the Cause and I failed." And I will admit to having tried good, and I will admit I failed, and what I've tried to do good for the Cause I've failed spectacularly, but I'll admit I failed spectacularly, Jimmy. And that's why I'm going to take everything down with them.  And then when their agenda's a hundred-balled me and they want to use it again, I'm going to let 'em know that I tried good and they failed spectacularly.  If they were going to give you back your farm, and they were going to give you a whole lot more.  And you're gonna say to 'em, "Yes, I tried hard for this cause but it's against the rules, and I just can't see a solution.' That's a good example of the lesson I'm giving them, and all you've got is a lousy farm.  If they'd gone on to the other side, and put you back where you belong, you wouldn't have much of an agenda, Jimmy. But now you've gone and done what you've got to do to save it, and it's a lesson that I think they should know.  'Cause if it were up to you, it wouldn't have any meaning if it wasn't undone, would it?  You can't do a lot to a man and ruin his wife, and that's not a lesson at all, is it?  That's not a lesson at all.
