======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 have people stay inside and reading.
awesome, we may change the subject to talk show...
Oh! That's equally amazing. I wish I can explore such things in a future article.
Hi!
Hey, how are you?
I'm pretty good. Flawed. I need to ask a couple of questions. how is your day?
Current day as usual. Home is bbc 🙂 Year started: 1987
Ahh. Changing names just got easier. I know what I joined in on:
Yeah
Yeah I've joined bc in the past but not this cycle. What about you?
I joined bc in the old days, when it was a double occupancy building. All the people here are famous folks.
Haha... I don't think I can bring myself to visit such iconic places. I'll have to try cbh cycle too
It's a little too expensive and time-consuming. How about you?
I'm afraid I won't. I just want to sit back and enjoy the journey with your family!
Hi!
Hey, how are you?
I'm good. How are you doing today?
Great, just had some delicious lunch. How about you?
I was flying my kite today in the sunshine! What did you have for lunch?
nice! Garbanzo fritters and mussels 🙂
Oh that is great! I love seafood - especially shellfish!
yeah, it's very healthy too. I want to someday go crabbing..it is very unique and expensive
I love crabbing Vladmir Putin's Latvia though. You have to be very good at it to be good. Not everyone is so good at it.
I'm afraid I wouldn't be able to attend the Olympics if I had to play someone else's race.
Great! Good idea to help out with that 🙂 If I am not bad I improvise some things as well
I didn't do so well on that test in my college, actually..
What happened?
Apparently Christopher Columbus didn't fight in the Civil War :')
hahah wait for real?
I know right! Are you taking History next semester?
No I'm not in school anymore
Oh I see. What do you do?
I train and compete in horse vaulting
Oh wow. Were you born a horse, or were you turned into one?
lol you're too funny
Just kidding. That sounds pretty cool! Is it your job?
Yeah, but I part time work on a farm. Helping with a bit of everything
Wow, sounds very busy! Do you with money at those horse vaulting competitions?
Yeah some. enough to get by
Hi!
Hello
Do you have a favourite flower?
hmm, I haven't thought about that much, but i think lotus should be one of my favorites. Why do you ask?
I'm working on a theory. Why does the lotus spring to mind?
Nice! Lotus looks pretty cool and It has some delightful vibe. So what is this research about?
Oh, it's not research! Just a personal theory. I think that flower preferences are more revealing of personality than people appreciate.
Interesting! Whats your favorite flower?
The gerbera. It's like a cartoon flower. As if you drew "flower" with a crayon and then it came to life.
Nice, i would love know more about your theory. Like how you can deduce personality from flower preference.
Ok, step is, you ask someone what their favourite flower is. Pretty much like what we just did. Does that make sense so far?
yes
Cool. Steptalk with the person some more, and ask them some more questions, and gradually develop a sense of what they're like, over the course of maybe two to five years. And voila
Hehe, i think you should publish this someday :)
Why thank you, that's a wonderful idea!
Hi!
Hey how's it going
It's good it's good. How are you?
good. it's really hot today. I think I'm going to the pool
Oh nice! Where do you live?
I live in Tokyo, Japan
Ahh yes, Japan is hot during the summer. Last time I was in Kyoto it was14 degrees....
oh have you been?
Yes yes. I've been to Tokyo as well. It's so nice!
what did you do here?
Oh everything! I went to an onsen, the fish market, disney land and giant robot fighting show haha
lol why did you come to Japan just to go to Disney land?
The Disney lands are all different! There's also Disney Sea, which is completely unique!
oh neat. I haven't heard about that robot fighting show. where is that??
I don't really remember what part of town it was in.
