======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 sun, or rainy days.
So what is the most beautiful place to go for the holidays?
I like rainforest, but I know it requires extensive training beforehand.
I heard there are rainforests in southeast Asia where you can zipline from tree to tree.
I am afraid I will be scared of doing this :)
I won't lie, it sounds scary. I'm scared right now just thinking about it.
I don't know if there is any medication for acrophobia. I want to take plenty of it if I really have to do it.
If there isn't one, you should invent it, and then make millions
That's a great idea! Maybe alcohol is such a thing.
Ha! Don't drink and zipline, mate!
Oops. I won't do it again. Ha
Hi!
Hey sup
not much. any plans this weekend?
I'm going to try that thing where you hang from a wire as you go down. do you know what is it called?
ziplining?
that's the one! have you ever tried it?
i have a couple years ago. it's quite a unique experience
where did you do it?
i forgot where it was, it wasn't local i don't think though
no worries. what's the most exciting thing you ever done?
that's a hard question and i'm tired so i'm going to go. see you
sure. are you just going home now?
no, i'm going to get a massage first
nice. what type?
traditional kind
yeah I want to get one too soon
you should! it's relaxing after a long day. talk to you later!
ttyl!
Hi!
Hello, have you seen any good movies lately?
I watched a few lately, but nothing is as good as Avatar. what's your favorite?
I have never seen Avatar, what is it about? I really enjoy the Avenger movies
it's a science-fiction movie with beautiful landscape of an imaginary nature with non-human creatures. people figured out a way to join that nature through Avatar transformation. the movie ends with a meaningful story of how human behaviors, e.g., cutting trees, have affected nature
That sounds really cool! I think that movie did really well when it was in the box office so it must be good!
yea. what else do you like to do beside movies?
I enjoy baking cookies. I am on a quest to bake the best chocolate chip cookie 🙂 What about you?
I enjoy eating 🙂
so definitely would like to try your best chocolate cookie
I will have to bake some soon and let you know. What types of food do you like to eat?
thanks! I generally love noodle soups like Pho or Ramen :)
Noodle soup is delicious! Do you make homemade noodle soup or do you prefer to go out?
I prefer to go out. I'm not a good cook haha
Same! Even though I bake, I cannot cook
seems like we share a thing in common, yay!
Hi!
Good afternoon!
How has your week been?
So far so good. It is holiday season. So just chilling
I think I'm getting sick with a cold 😞 So you should chill on my behalf too cause I'm out the game for all of December.
lol Sorry to hear that. Are you planning anything fun for December?
Nothing exciting. I'll be posted up at home for the most part. I did a lot of travelling this year so my budget would have stopped me even if I wasn't sick.
😂
Do you have big plans?
Yes! I am going to Hawaii! This will be my first time visiting Hawaii. Really excited about it.
I love Hawaii. It's a good place to be. I like going there cause it's humid so I never have to put on lotion.
lol this is the first time I heard from a boy who cares about humidity and lotion. I cannot agree more.
Brooooo!!! It's so important. When I got to California beaches I have to carry 3 litres of lotion for the whole day.
😂
Hi!
Oh hello. Long time no talk. How's the day going for yuo?
Very well, thanks for asking. How has your day been?
Getting better. I just recovered from a cold. I got wet in the rain last week. Are you planning anything for the holidays?
Glad to hear you're better. Sorry to hear you were sick. I was sick a couple of weeks ago with a bad cough. There's definitely a bug going around. Admit I just want to stay healthy for the holidays and plan to relax.
Oh same here. I think relaxing at home should be counted among the best ways to enjoy the holidays.
Def
