======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 and there and then.  I was reading that all Americans are born as slaves, and they are born as young as the white house.  I wonder if I will ever call the president of Indonesia and tell his people to release 3 pop albums  as the white house has twin buildings in Ireland and France
 I do not know that. How about the president of Indonesia. I don't think I recognize any more pop albums but I think he has a lot of pop albums
He did.  And you hear that his name is president banana, president banana!  I wonder how many pop albums he has in the white house.  I have not heard of that name. I wonder if he has had pop albums. I am not a fan of the president of Indonesia
Oh go, I guess its just a name. I'm not into pop albums. Can you believe when president Banana came up in the news some people called him president banana. Ha! Well, that's not an actual name. No real one ever called him president or anything like that. I was shocked to read that the president of Zimbabwe's name is banana
You have no idea, do you? I do not think I know it is an actual name. Anyway, I enjoyed chatting with you! Have a lovely day
 I did not know he was named President Banana! Nice to speak with you. Thanks and I am off to go run to work. Have a fine evening
 Did you know that the white house has twin buildings in other countries ?
 I had heard that there was one there and it was named so and a lot of different names
 I didn't too. What I did find interesting is that there are government buildings in some countries even have internet capabilities. I'm a little surprised that it's more accessible than the White House
Yes, I have that I also did not know they were called theWhite Hump
 I agree! A man in France impersonated a government official and managed to sell the eiffel tower twice
 Wow isn't he still the richest? Do he still live in the White House like the ones 
I think he is still aroun not at the White House, but at some place else and I think they call it the White House because of the initials to the letters that they have for the White House
Well he is probably still wealthy, like President Carter, I wonder if Lincoln was president when he was shot at the White House
The White, the White House, yes the White House. I do not know if we have a president that lives in the White House in the US, though. I did hear that President Reagan was the only president to have a guest house larger than the White House. I would like to believe that was in the US, if I can ever find that picture with that!
He must be a pretty big guy, I hope not! Did you know that the White House has twin buildings in Ireland and France
 I do not know!! It does seem crazy that George Bush put solar panels on the White House too and George W. wouldn't be surprised if it's still up
 I am not surprise they are a big deal there,  it is so nice that they must go around and around! They must stay clean. Do you know that the White House is still in part of the USA
No, but I guess there are twin White Houses in France and Ireland. Nice to see that that they use so much energy! I think that in one of them is like an island
I guess I agree! That is surprising, I also did not know that the White House has twin White houses in other countries. In  the UK made White House replica White houses of their own. Wonder if it's in other countries, or if it's just a design of ours
I think I have heard about that,  and yes the white house burnt down one too. That is shocking. I had no idea the White House still uses floppy disks for storing files,
That's weird. There is a replica White House in Atlanta still that Obama and McCain visit. Obama might try and take some pictures at the White House, haha
 That would be a fun one to visit! The white house has twin buildings in France and Ireland. Maybe they are both still around
 I heard that in France there is a replica White House built as a private home. Obama doesn't want that kind of place though
He doesn't? I guess you can't really see them? Did you know that in Austin Texas there is a twin White House still used for diplomatic posts ? I would feel like that would really frustrate people
I would too. Well thank you for your time, I hope you get to go as well
 Hi do you like basketball
 I tend to hate most everything in the media these days. How about you? What about you
 I like to watch basketball too. They've got me rooting for the Bulls and how about you
 Yeah me too. Do you know which is the highest grossing
