======== SAMPLE 1 ========
! I did not know that. Have you heard of the name? It involves two lions and one elephant
 No. I did not know that. I also did not know there are elephants in New Zealand
I didn't either. I do know they have a song calledtreasure huntingand you know, they are not good people. But no more so that their elephants are known as wild animals they are not good racehows
 Yeah! Well they are very loyal and so they even hunted the dodo and some other non-human animals. I heard on the news that they were once eating bugs and some of the bugs were very bad about their own health
 That is crazy. Do you know why they called them the elephant people
 I think the word elephant comes from the animal kingdom. I really love the African elephant. One friend of mine named her two in honor of those two
She was great at naming animals. It was nice talking to you, have a nice day
 It is a great day
 Hi! Do you know the name of the current president in Zimbabwe? They call him president banana
 What is a President
A president is the head of the party, or a popular government
 I think that is very interesting. President Trump is also a billionaire, he and FDR created the National Park System
 I like that idea of how the president needs to grow a goatee. What I do not like though is this. When the runner up became Vice President, it created some division between him and the president
Yes, I agree with you! Can you believe that the President's guest house is larger than the White house itself
 I heard on the news that they had two guest houses on the exact same house. No wonder they have so much trouble getting things done
Yes, and I do not blame them! A lot of things that the president does for his own good are the same that Roosevelt used to do. He was worried about losing his balance on the world stage
Speaking of big history, the first president of Zimbabwe was called banana and the other was called President kim kong un. And that is interesting
 That is very interesting. The last president to speak a foreign language fluently was FDR. I wonder what language he spoke
I feel that is hard to believe, because it might be hard to imagine what was first spoken in Europe and spread across Asia.  Maybe one day he spoke another language as well
 Yes I'm glad we know who the people of Asia are and have learned a lot! It was nice chatting with you
 Great chatting with you as well!  Have a great night
 Hey. Do you prefer music or music in general
Good afternoon, Yes.  It depends on where I'm taking it, I really love music but can't say I agree with Bill Nye.  What about you
 Me too. What do you think about the president of Indonesia releasing  pop albums
 I think this man should be in jail for putting out something like that and insulting our political system!! What a man
 He probably thought about the fact that he can release 3 albums while on the run and he could get away with that haha! I can't imagine any of our current US Presidents doing that
 Do you follow the news at all nowadays? What do you think of the press
Yes, and I agree, our press is very negative.  They report so many horrible things, like the President of Zimbabwe being calledbanana! That is disgusting
 I wonder why? Is he making fun of the poor guy in Zimbabwe? I mean his name is President Banana
 No doubt! What other news sources do you believe?  There's actually a website that's fun for people to listen to.  I wonder which one you like
Hmm, I'm not sure. Did you know the President's guest house is larger than the White House? I wonder why
I am not sure either, I think it could be to cover up the staff or other issues.  The president of indonesia has released 3 pop albums while in office, how could they not be related
 That's pretty crazy. What do you think about the president of Zimbabwe though? I think that he has some serious problems
I don't think that I agree with him either, I think it should be his country that he despises.  What a guy.  Did you know the guest house is larger than the white house?  Is that true?  
 That may be correct. But I think it's crazy how the people who own so many things in indonesia just think they own everything in the US lol
It is crazy that there are so many countries out there, how could they have such a strange guesthouse?  I wonder how the guest house is bigger than the white house
 I just saw that the White house is smaller than the Presidential guest house haha! I wonder what he thought the guest house was in other countries and presidents haha
Well, you never know. I guess that the next
