======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 and there aren't enough of you.
No shit.  He'll come.  Come with us.
Who's that?
You can't keep him with you.
Why would I want to get rid of a player for you?
Look, I just wanted to show what kind of person he is.  I don't want him around with a bad neighbor, I want him with a nice guy.
I just said when we get through that wall.
I'm not talking about getting rid of that player. I'm talking about what I just said to you.
Yeah, I got a good lead.  You know, we're going up against different kinds of people.
Who cares what she's doing?  She's trying to get rid of a guy for want of a husband.
You want to get rid of a player?
Okay, what?  Get rid of her!
You were asking me?  You didn't know the fucking difference between a good girl and a bad girl.  What would that be?
Okay.
You should have had a little more fun.
I wasn't thinking about you.  That's always my problem.  I always thought there'd be someone in the house who I could have something I didn't know about.
You shouldn't just let Joey take over.
No, no, no, he just picked someone on the street.
Yes, I did.  He knows Joey's an asshole, but he took it too far, so he would find out the time. If he had known it was on the road. And if he had known it's time I had him there, he wouldn't have let me out.
If I told him where it was on the road, he'd be dead already.
He had you waiting at the house. Wouldn't even have given it to you.
I told him the first thing he did when I got home and found him came out at me and left me the way he always left.  Then I was asleep I looked for him, he went away, left me alone in the room.  He wanted to tell me when it was where he had it, but I didn't think he would let me know so I drove away.
But he's gone and he just stood there and waited for me to die.
He left me there and left me alone in the room.
What happened?
I just said when we get there what you said you did.  I didn't think he would let me out.
He took me away.
Oh, Christ.  I just came out of a nightmare.
What's he doing now?
The room's dark, a little room in the back -- the walls are black, but I think he has it on already, if I'm not mistaken.
What's the matter?  Where's Joey?
Yes?
No, I've been scared.  You have to trust me. I've shown you I'm not all that bad, that's why I've been chosen.
What's going on?
I think I told you about that place.  I saw you coming out, talking, it seemed like a school on wheels.  I was coming over to look after you and then suddenly there was a knock and I stood there, scared.  There was blood and I saw Joey at the house, and then you left and got scared that I might hurt you and then I left again.
Yeah.
You've been here so long?  Have you been here?
You told me you came all the time?
I don't know.
Have you been here long?
I know what you do, you know.  But I don't know how else you could know it either.
And I know where you live.
I know where you live, and I've seen some people, and Joey's a pretty good one, and I know he knows what you think, and so you know you got to tell me what happens to you and Joey and I've seen some people in here before, and I know that's all.  But I don't care if you're a good host and a drunk.  So I'm trying to stay as honest as I can with you, but I've been honest about myself, I try not to talk about it, and you know who else has been around?  There's another guy who's been around?
I can't tell you.
Oh come on, you're the only one.
No.  I think so.
I know where you live.
Yeah.
You've been here pretty much all morning?
Yes.
Where you live?
I was wondering about you.
No, I'm not.  I'm not here for Joey.
You're not supposed to go to school?
I thought you were supposed to go to school.
What's wrong?
No
