======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 But you're too big a fish for others to pick up. Do you want to be a fish?
Hi!
hello there, how is it going?
Pretty good, thanks. I'm gonna try tubing some. You should try tubing some too.
I hope I don't get pinged today. Two things I'd like to see
I would love to see it! What kind of music do you do all the time?
well, I think I sing songs at least once a week. Do you have a song that you sing?
I wanna try listening to a lot. The one on the radio recently said "You're too funny". I'm not sure what they're calling it, but I can't wait for it to come out in theaters.
Hahah love it. Do you like listening to lot?
Well, my favorite show is <REDACTED_TERM> By the way, do you think the show is dead?
The last show I watched was Last week It was Modern at the Olympic Stadium. I will be going through the last week of the season.
What do you listen to this week?
I love all forms of hallucinogenic drugs. Some are very relaxing
I was once a fan of it. But I don't listen to it now
Lol. Would you say that to someone who lost a loved one:
Well, of course not
I think it's like a bit sad and slow going but oh well. Do you listen to it more?
I do. I'm tired.
What do you do?
I am a comic.
What's your best humour?
Ah, I could go deeper into that. Have you ever seen a show called <REDACTED_TERM>?
not yet! glad to meet you there
Hi!
Hello!
Just released a paper on personal experience. Why do you do this?
I think it's your own unique story. So, you can fill in the details of how you started with your own story.
So, how do you do that?
Well, the paper asks a number of important questions. It makes me want to do more with less.
Do you do spiritual things?
I think about prayer. For example, I believe in the power of prayer.
I think about the New Year. To start the New Year stronger, I weighted everything with lightness.
Hi!
Hey, how are you?
I'm good. How are you doing today?
I'm doing great. How about tomorrow?
I might be busy. What are you looking forward to?
Well, the paper talks about new evidence for a mental phenomenon. I heard that it's called the New Hope.
Oh, I've seen it time and again. It's a synoptic phenomenon in which people experience near-death experience. It is most common when you have a long day.
Oh, and I've seen it happen before. In high school, we would always sit in silence as we read the zine. We would hold hands and read the zine. It was like being in a real world representation of things.
Wow! What is the New Hope thing like?
It's not new, it first appeared in a zine called "The Ultimate Treasure Hunt." But it's still pretty fun to recount times of need, and it is interesting to recount times of need as well.
Do you feel like you have some sort of a treasure chest?
Yeah, like the ones you lost, but I'm grateful you took the time to ask me out. Do you have a favorite flower?
Ok, i think jasmine. It's a bit strange that it's so cold outside, but I love how it's in the winter months.
You should try doing some wall-mounting!
Hi!
Hello, how are you doing today?
I heard they are giving out some goodies in microkitchen.
I love space in San Francisco. What about you?
I think we should start sharing goodies in microkitchen with the family. What will they give out in that case?
Nothing much, except I'd love to try your cheese.
I love cheese. Have you tried pcsl Scand?
No, I don't believe in cheese. But I love cheese scotch.
What's your favorite scotch type?
It's pretty cool. It's kind of hard to explain to me how people get upset with a dish. But I too think it's good to have some of the squash in the food.
Any last words for your day?
Thank you for coming to see me. This is really fun to be inside.
Hi!
How's your day going?
I've seen better days, how about you?
I'm good I'm good. What's getting you down?
The clouds overhead are playing on your mind, any last words you
