======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 which is interesting.  It was a great experience
 I like the sound of a lot of music playing on YouTube. I find it a good way to find new material
 I know that the video fireplace video has been generating lots of coverage
Yes. I think that is an interesting way to share music. Justin Bieber, for example, does 56 different songs
 That is a lot.  I think the most disliked song on the song Pandora was
 I think it really annoyed Pandora that YouTube had to upgrade its resolution to hardware
I hope they didn't make that upgrade goo since I wouldn't play it on my smart speaker
 You never know. The company also made money off of the movie. Pandora was 21.9 million at $50 a share
 That's interesting. But do you think Judge Judy would have done the same if she came back next netflix debt
I bet she would! I thought they were making down their own debt, she had high net income, Angry
 It's interesting that Netflix has 137 million subscribers in the United States
 How much do they make from the various means of getting content
 From 1.65 billion to 2 billion a year, Surprised
 Do you think that people do it because they like the internet or because they like the quality of movies
 I think they prefer the quality because they don't have to constantly scrolling through them
 True. Also Netflix probably has more subscribers now than McDonalds did back in  Curious to dive deeper
Yes, the price of bandwidth used by everyone is much lower.  Netflix probably spends more on postage because it costs a lot to send a case to a server
 Yes. I also think it is crazy that they are going to spend some more money building a new headquarters than making new equipment
 They also have offices in Ireland and in Schleswig-Holstein.  What are they trying to accomplish with that
 It is interesting that they were originally thinking of closing down though. I guess that is what happened since then
 I don't know. I do know that they do share content from other countries.  I think that it is just a way for them to add a new customer base to their original stock
Yes, that would be cool. I also like watching videos on YouTube. Its very useful because it is the second largest search engine on the internet
 I would pay for youtube as well. Video is just a cheap medium
 I don't know the rest of the problems with the internet. Do you like to watch TV
I watch a lot of TV.  I tend to watch a lot of sports on TV.  But I don't get into all the drama either
 That's why I've never seen House. Is that the British TV show that got remade in the UK and got horrible reviews
It is, I hear it bombed pretty well.  I have seen the first season and haven't seen the second. It was okay. I never really liked the American version
I think I watched much of it. And watching the British version of That 70s show, it bombed pretty hard
 That is interesting. I wonder why. American comedies tend to have more slapstick than reality shows
That is surprising, I am not sure if we have any funny movies like Harold and Kumar at the top of that, is it just a soap show
I don't think we have any funny movies. I know that the UK remake of That 70s Show was canceled without the network even watching
I do not think that was a successful television show, there are other successful comedies though
I bet it was. It would be interesting to re-watch a different show after a remake. I might watch the same old show twice, if it is like the British version
 I do not know that there was any shortage of shows that you had to watch to watch that new one
 Yes. This was my only binge during the summer months and my friends were telling me how it was terrible and wanting to watch it immediately and I'm like, no I can't tell you the last episode but I was going to binge watch it, but I don't remember that episode. So I just binge watched the Simpsons. It's funny even though they have a lot of episodes of family guy. I can recall one time I caught them on saturday morning skiington but the next few hours or days were crazy
I watched a few of those episodes when I was younger and was still amazed at the creativity of the shows running in them, those shows are amazing
 I love SNL. I was surprised to learn that they have a partnership program with Netflix for creators in the Blockbuster store
I thought they were great, great shows are those from other places, the ones I watch now are originals now so they make money for us
 True. Netflix doesn't pay creators enough to start a company out. I guess when it came out of Blockbuster everyone in the world was watching it
Everyone is watching Facebook now, its a lot harder to get a
