======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 school for math and science. I know that science is pretty impressive, so I will probably never back down from that.
Hi!
Hi! My name is pikachu. do you have a specialty or favourite flower?
I love vanilla beans 🙂 what kind of coffee do you use?
I love coffee too! what kind of coffee do you like?
I love sweet! I usually take coffee everyday but I cut myself a deal some weeks ago to get a cup of coffee everyday. It's okay.
what kind of coffee is your favorite?
I really enjoy teh favorite though 🙂 you should definitely try out for lunch later in the day or in the airport
Thanks! I'll see you then!
Hi!
Hello, who are you?
I'm little pikachu. wanna meet you then!
Sure, what do you do?
I'M A CINE MASTER.
lol
Hi!
What does "meter" mean?
The Chinese word for handicap. It's also a pun on "paper" and can be anything.
Worried about your ability to read and write code?
I'M actually enjoying a latte! Travelling to some Asian cities, I sometimes taste good coffee and tea.
The best part about traveling is that you get to meet some really great people and hang out with some very special people.
So you may end up going primarily Hindu, Buddhist or some other Christian faith background?
Yes! That's right, I grew up in Australia and New Zealand. They don't allow pets!
I was never born a Christian. I was raised a Christian. But I curious what your faith background is Would you say that to be an attitude towards God or some other world?
Yeah, I have a theory. Maybe I'm just being a silly person. How about you?
People think I have a mental problem. You know? One of my favourite things to do is cook?
Good guess. I have the bad luck to be doing a passive viewer in this, so I will instead show you how to make a croissants croissants croissants croissants croissants croissants You have any good thoughts on that?
Lol. I'm sharing a croissant with you, you? a cookie?
No, a favourite. To be honest, I don't really have any. I just eat most of the foods I should be eating based on what they say.
Thats pretty cool! I will definitely try to get a cookie cutter inspired one. What kind?
I'm trying to learn how to make croissants at the moment. What style of croissants do you make?
I fritters away at my morning.
Oh nice! What's "finally" like?
It's like a duck and a duck with a french hot dog. A French cold beer is also good, its more bitter and earthy.
Ahh.... you are quite literally "finally" born free!
Hi!
hello there, how is it going?
Pretty great. I just won a pingpong game. What about you?
that's nice. I am just working on some documentation. Do you play pingpong often?
No, very rarely. It's kind of amazing that I won, but I'm still taking credit for it.
thats very impressive then, congrats!
Haha thank you, I guess I'm just a natural. What's your favourite game?
I really like to play tennis, badminton and racquetball. I don't really get a chance to play them often though, specially racquetball
What's racquetball like? From context clues, I'm guessing that it involves hitting a ball with a racquet
well, it's like a cage match of tennis. The main difference is that both players play in the same 'court' and the ball is smashed against a wall instead of passing it over a net into the opponent's court. Kind of like playing pingpong vs the table.
Wow! A cage match! Does it get physical?
it depends haha, there is a lot of bumping into each other to run after the ball, and sometimes the ball hits you too. Overall it feels like a super fast paced version of tennis, really tiring!
That sounds fun. I think of tennis itself as being really athletic and tiring, so I don't think it's a sport for me, though!
ping pong can get quite intensive too! I guess short ping pong sessions are not that tiring though. Wanna have a match?
What a good idea, I'd love to!
Show me your anger!!!!
Fuckkkkkkk!!!!
Hi!
hi
what are you up to?
code refactoring. you?
me? just chilling out at work. what is code refactoring
