======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 company to do that
 It did. I heard it was a comedy group and the movie was the comedy group The Hangover
 That is an amazing film. Do you like Comedy movies
 I do. Did you know they have been making one at an event calledComedy Nights during the year
 No. It was nice chatting with you
 Hello do you like the telephone
 Yes I use the phone almost every day. It makes me happy. How about you
Me too, I really like the bluetooth technology on the iPhone though, very innovative actually
 It is pretty good. I wonder if I could try the free bluetooth features that New York has after the current one for 40% off
Hahha, it's pretty cool stuff. Do you know why New York is area code 212
 I heard because it was easy to dial on the rotary phone and they called it 212 instead
 Oh that is awesome that was the most convenient number that has ever been made. It doesn't like dialing too much though, Angry
 Yea that's why 212 is the fastest number you can dial with an old rotary phone and 212 is why I heard they call the area code on Unicef  that there is a camp for animals there
 That is awesome! Do you understand why New york banned cell phones
 Maybe just for it's crazy population! They're apparently one of the few places in the worl they cant dial the same number that Unicef brings in UNICEF
 I am going to go check out Unicef. Keep me company! Nice chatting with you
Hello,  do you know much about telephones
 I sure do. Do you know much
 I know the inventor of the dial phone was an undertaker also
 Yeah that is pretty interesting. All those creepy creepy numbers that they send people to talk to
 Yeah exactly. I want to know more about those who wear a sign of telephones if  Curious to dive deeper
 Yeah i'm sure that info will come out eventually. DO you know why New york got the area code 212
 Yes because it was easier to dial in a rotary phone. You
 Yeah. Did you ever use a phone book
 Yes i have and you
 I also use them sometimes. I heard about an elephant phone and how elephants are called Polo
 WOw that's cool. Did you know dolphins can communicate with each other over the phone
 Yeah and it is apparently impossible to separate two phonebooks with their pages overlapped together
 Yeah pretty cool i wonder what is happening there. DO you know how the cable that carries internet and phone data across the oceans are only 2.1 inches in diameter
 Yeah that's a strange thing I wonder what goes through. Apparently the cables are only 2.7 inches around
 Yeah that is really weird and probably why. They must carry a lot of stuff as well
 Yeah that makes sense. They say the net is more secure though with less invasive tech
Yeah I guess for the same reason, kind of scary
 Yeah good point there. Do you have an iPhone
 I do Have not had one in a while.  Do you know how much computing power they have
 I do not. How much
 Apple used an iphone 1 milliwig super low power battery
 Hahaha well that is enough for half my life which is plenty for an entire day lol
 Yeah. Do you watch the Oscars
 I sure do.  Do you watch them
 I don't actually but they are a lot better than the Oscars
 Yes they are the only broadcast Emmy network that isn't from a major city
 Yes. Do you enjoy Comedy shows
 I sure do although I am not a fan of Bill Murray in his own movies
 Oh yeah for sure. Have you heard of the comedy show Big Belly
 Yes I like it because there is an actor that I know from the comedy shows that we watch
 I have actually seen the opening scene of that
 Yeah exactly. DO you know when Seinfeld originated the idea for the show
 Yes that was some great students from University but some years later they got to bankrupt and they got rid of it
 Yes they needed a show for that and for a computer program called the Astronomy of New York back then
Yes they were successful, but I would love to watch a movie like that where the universe could have come out of the observable universe
 I would also enjoy watching some movies like The Last Jedi
 Yes I can see that. Have you heard of the show Pokemon
 Yes you like that game. DO you know why we watch tv
 Yes it is because of technology. Do you know how we perceive reality
 Yes that is how it is. Nice chatting with you
 Do you know much about phones
Hello there, I know a little bit. I just know that phone are mostly their memory and our cell phones (unlike WiFi) allow us unlimited data
 I think that is pretty fascinating but also kind of scary actually to me because how
