======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 (yeah, moon is awesome)
are you ever tempted to try?
Hi!
Hi there 🙂 How's your day going?
I'm quite busy, so I haven't finished work yet. But I have been trying to finish up some books. I heard they have some very impressive books.
Wow! A good book. I haven't heard of a Spartan race before.
Hmm good. I've never heard about it. But it's really fun to play anything with friends, if you bring your book-mates along for the adventure.
Oh, very nice! What is your book about?
It's about startups, lots of useful principles and philosophies for innovation, like being a contrarian
Cool! Are you thinking about starting a startup?
I might in the future. the philosophy in the book also help for other things as well, e.g., in research, you might also want to be contrarian
I see; seems like an interesting read! 🙂
yup!
Hi! How are you doing today?
I'm doing great how are you??
I'm doing good. Just having some morning tea
are you a tea person or do you like coffee too?
I'm really a hot chocolate person. I don't drink coffee and I only drink tea when I'm trying to be healthy and want something warm to drink. What about you?
I love hot chocolate. Have you ever had european style hot chocolate? It's kind of like drinking melted chocolate bars haha
I recently tried it for the first time and you're right - it had a wonderful melted chocolate bar taste! I tried it up in a place in San Francisco and they had delicious homemade marshmallows too!
that's great. It's so cold these nights. Right setting for hot coco. Do you have anything you enjoy doing during cold times?
Traveling to warm places haha. When it's cold, you appreciate the warm climate more 🙂 If I am not traveling, then I prefer there to be snow on the ground so I can go skiing or tubing down the mountain. What about you?
I tuck in blankets and read a book lol. I have never done tubing, but I seen some people do it. Is it worth it if you already ski?
Skiing involves a lot of muscle - especially in the legs so it is a workout. Tubing, you just sit and enjoy the ride down. Also with tubing, you can chain with your friends and go down together whereas with skiing, you're trying to not run into your friends.
hahaha that's a great way to put it
You should definitely try tubing the next time you head towards the mountains during the winter!
Yeah. I'll try to get a group together. ttyl!
See ya!
Hi!
Hey!
how's week so far?
pretty good, excited for thanksgiving you?
Same. Going to catch up on my reading! do you have a feast planned?
yup! gonna have dinner with family what books are you gonna read?
Something Deeply Hidden by Sean Carroll <REDACTED_LINK>
ahh nice what kind of books do you usually like to read
largely scifi How about you?
yeah I also like scifi and some non-fiction too have you read Seveneves by Neal Stephenson?
I haven't what is it about?
the moon is shattered by an asteroid and the pieces of the moon end up clouding the earth's atmostphere which causes almost every living creature on the planet to go extinct that's the premise of the book and the book is about the survivors
how do the survivors survive such a thing?
they go into space and they live there
sounds like a tv show I watched
really? which one
can't quite remember. something about survivors going to live in space
ah nice
Hi!
Hello!
There is sports tournament (badminton + tennis + basketball) organized by google next week. Would you like to volunteer for these events?
what does a volunteer do?
Volunteers have to book the place before the event, send out details of the event to participants, handle some logistics and ensure everything goes smoothly. It will be fun!
That sounds fun, I hope I get to participate as well
True! We have a gist menu (ground beef, for example) and targa-style chicken. Do you like meat? I like duck.
I love duck, I'm afraid. My wife also eats pretty much every food dish that she can find in the US, so we decided to make some our very own.
yes, we can check the menu sometimes. Does lamb tikki or gravy?
I love gravy. gravy is a smooth dish. You can check the menu and make a reservation.
Oh that is great! I've never before. Have you been to ketchup?

