======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 you.
Are you taking art lessons or math lessons?
A teacher must have a strong grounding in the art form and uses common sense in the art form.
He shouldn't just sit back and enjoy it while making up jokes.
I hope we can work something out someday. Maybe we can go to painting class or something fun.
Are you making any money at all as an artist?
I'm painting and sculpting and am looking to begin work on a book. I'll start work on a book in the next couple of weeks.
Hi
How is your day coming along?
It's pretty good. I'm out of shape right now. Not a lot of exercise is needed, just thinking.
Woah! This is nice. I can hike the mountains and go kayaking the cold
Thats great. I especially like the idea of using ski bars to hike the slopes. Are you thinking about starting a business?
Yes. I would probably do something else, but the mountain is driving me to do so.
You don't need a ski bar. I can topk you up at the bottom because I'm on a quest to stay inside
There is a mountain to be conquered in my mind as well. There is so much to be conquered in my mind.
Very true! The mountain is so steep and dark It's hard to see the future
That is true. I don't know if the mountains will be safe during the winter if I sleep well
Ahh yes, that's the thought stages of many a user when it comes to sleeping. In some cases it can be dangerous
The snow is not the main obstacle, but it is a huge letdown for me
I mentioned that I am quite an amateur snowman and would never try. Is that why you decided to try?
I am very serious about achieving the best snowman result. Ever. Ever!
Hi!
Hi there! How has your day been so far?
So far so good. I'm so sleepy at the end of a long day. how did you get so many naps?
Ah, that's correct. I haven't been better thanks to the sleep study I did. It's been going through phases of sleep phase I'll just call it that. I was mostly sleeping on california nights. During the holiday season, I usually go to bed early onWednesdays. What have you been up to these days?
Oh, amazing! I've just been wandering the web that makes me sleepy. I was thinking of trying something different. Can you help me fall asleep if I sleep too early?
I think so! I usually wake up at 8:00 a.m. and find myself at about an hour or two hours late. This can be fixed by getting more sleep in advance.
Oops. I won't do it again If you could lose a sleep in a hurry, you could become too tired to even dream about anything. That's the thought: simulation
Good point. I'd love to try something serious in the near future. What would you do if you don't have regular sleepovers?
I'd probably just sleep on the weekends. Ever tried going to a weekend gala?
No, I never prepared for that. Instead, I went to the Hindu Grove onMount St.PaddyRomero
that's a great mountain resort. Really tall, with beautiful mountain art, and really close to Bangalore. We also got to watch a lot of video games. Mountain is just the technical term. That means it's the technical season. It's the high-tech kind of fun. And besides, there's no need to prepare for the extreme cold. The other technical term is "seismic shock." Basically, it's the season to be apocalyptic.
Yea, the human race is going to do anything to survive. It certainly sounds like it's going to do something big in the winter. Willingness is the most important word, but I think if the human race goes down this route they can catastrophically underestimate the chance of getting sick. And unless we are sent to very extreme cold extremes, we will probably not be able to even warm ourselves to even a warm body.
What are your recommended routine for work life?
What do you do?
I try to get as many as possible things done. For example, I like to get as many as I can done with friends.
Oops. I won't do an afternoon just because my friends are already at work. What do you do to get the work done?
I'm a sofa connoisseur. I make sure everything comes to pass. It's a meal in which I prepare the same food over and over again.
Oops. I won't do an afternoon with my family
I try to make the most of every day's work. For example, I prepare the breakfast menu.
The menu looks pretty much the same,
