======== SAMPLE 1 ========
True. I used to be a Java advocate. But you know, it doesn't do a good job in the AI days. It really makes me sad.
lol
Hi!
Wow, hello. Can't believe we are finally talking!
Yeah, sorry for the long gap! I heard you took a break and were travelling around the world. How was the travel?
It was an interesting trip. I got to see some exotic places. For example, I hiked the Son Doong cave in Vietnam. It's the biggest and deepest cave in the world.
Great! Vietnam is still in my TODO bucket list. Did you also visit cambodia and other neighboring places?
Yes. Laos and Cambodia are the two neighboring countries. Cambodia has an exotic culture. They sell spiders, scorpions, and grasshoppers as street food! It took a lot of courage for me to try them.
Hehe! How long was the stay?
:0 days in total, and 5 of them were spent in the cave. What have I missed at work in those days?
 Great! Good time to be back. We are still in planning phase and haven't fully aligned on the projects to tackle for next quarter.reat! Good time to be back. We are still in planning phase and haven't fully aligned on the projects to tackle for next quarter.
Oh, so you are already planning for the next quarter. This whole team is always living the future.
Hehe, yeah! It seems like the quarter is being pushed earlier than from where it starts 🙂 I like these planning sessions. It makes me feel more confident about the work I am doing.
Yeah. Some people underestimate the importance of planning, but I think it's very important to have the correct plan. Executing the wrong plan is terrible. Also, planning is fun. You can stack up so many ideas and get great feedbacks.
True! I think we should set aside some time to discuss some project details? Does tomorrow afternoon work for you?
Yeah tomorrow afternoon works for me. Let me set a time on your calendar. Is 3pm good?
Okay. See tomorrow then.
see you!
Hi!
Hello
Nice to meet you! Is this your first time doing something like this?
Yes, interesting task! When did you start with the team?
I have been with the company for over 3 years. Stick with the same team What about you?
Great to know! I joined the project earlier in the year. I think we should sync later for lunch.
That sounds like a perfect plan!
Sure, which cafe do you prefer?
Let's try something different. What about <REDACTED_TERM>? Do you always prefer lunch sync over regular meeting syncs?
Yeah right, I heard the food there is good. I am not sure what they serve there for lunch? On wednesdays.
We can check the menu then decide :)
Actually, the menu looks good. Looking forward to it then.
Sure. See you then!
Hi!
Hello. How's your week coming along?
It's great, thanks. I'm trying to learn how to make croissants.
Wow that's interesting. I have baked cookies, but croissants seem much more sophisticated. Did you make any progress?
I've done them once or twice so far, but they haven't been flakey enough. I'm trying to figure out why. What kind of cookies have you made?
Mint chocolate chips. I think your croissants not being flakey could have something to do with your oven's temperature.
Ah, good thought, thanks!
Have you thought about melting some chocolate into your croissants? They don't have to be something unhealthy. For example, melted dark chocolate is good for the heart, and makes the resulting croissants taste much better.
Now that is a good idea. I'll give it a try next time. Would you say you have a sweet tooth?
Yes. When my top favorite food looks likecookies, M&M, danish cheese, etc., I know that I have a thing for sweet food. But who doesn't love sweet food? How about you?
Some people don't! But yeah, me too, I think I'd eat pastries all the time if I could get away with it.
Yeah I'm afraid I wouldn't. I feel very guilty every time I gulp down an ice cream. But hey, these days there are many types of guilt-free sweet food. For example, there's this ice cream brand called <REDACTED_TERM>. It's only 320 calories a pint. And yes, it preserves most of the normal sweet flavors.
Wow! The last time I paid attention to that sort of stuff was when <REDACTED_TERM> was being marketed as a fat substitute, and caused all sorts of crazy
