======== SAMPLE 1 ========
by that has to be a horror movie as well as something that isnt really scary for most people to like, Surprised
 They wouldnt be entertained by the quality of the other parts. I figure that horror movies can be good for people to develop a sense of fear. They can help people with anxiety. Have you heard of the shining
 Yeah I've heard that it was a comedy starring Jack Black. It was really good. I kind of like Jack Black
I like Jack Black, I didnt know it was a horror movie. he has a good sense of humour though, i guess
 He is actually really funny. I would take that over the fact that he played the piano just as Clint eastwood is
 I dont think he looks like a pianist haha how often do you listen to the radio
 I like listening to the radio while I am listening to the radio. I enjoy many different music genres. Do you enjoy a music album
 I like music albums I do like the radio. canadian law requires music to reach at least 40% of the music in the house
 I think that is some sort of respect though. There's even radio stations that are free for listening to Canadian law. Did you know that
 I didnt know that. very interesting
 It is. Apparently they broadcast in 40% of the Canadian radio. Do you know how that works in other countries
I am not sure, I will google it later. It is probably a good idea to utilize other means
 I hope so too. I've heard that soldiers in WWII made radios using a razorblade and a pencil as the diode
 Thats really creative! I wonder how that worked? how could they tune in to a radio to know what they were listening to
 Good question. Probably would just be on the phone or in the ear really. Imagine the radio storms coming from Jupiter. It sounds so special. If only they could hear it on the radio
That is very interesting, but probably not in real life
 Nope. Probably not. So weird. Do you use facebook at all
 Not as much as I used to. I stopped using it when it got too popular. I was more into YouTube
Yeah, me too but I stopped using it for a while. Apparently it is on the top of Google a lot. I find it useful for just about everyone
Yeah, it is the most visited site on the internet. I believe it when I search for something on it. I wish I were at the site earlier when it was on YouTube
 I really liked it when I was younger. I don't remember going to a lot of those burger king locations though. What about you
It was more expensive but good times. I wish I was the person who started Facebook a bit over a year ago. Since my mom always mentioned that theres a lot I need to do to get out of the house, then it is possible
Hi, how are you this evening? Do you like to use Facebook
Well, not that much. Not that I don't enjoy Facebook, but I do use it a bit for business. I've been on there since 2004 or so. Don't really stay in touch with anyone
I do as well. I'm going to go and look up the full terms of service for my account, then return it with a link to see if I should receive a free Whopper from 7% off a whopper
 That's a good deal. It's really odd that Facebook is considered a social media and not just a Internet company
I bet they sold the view count, but I could be wrong. I think they made up. Do you use YouTube
No, not in the time either. I have access only through my cell phone and internet connection. I wonder how people in North Korea, which has the disc Golf version of Facebook, compare to it
That's very surprising to me, seeing how many of the 21st-century's winners will be China, Japan, South Korea, and the United States
I don't know if there will be enough grief in all the world within a few years. Then again, that whole culture of binge-watching football on ESPN is new to me. I know they don't have the highest paid sports days
Yeah, that is to say nothing of the thousands of student-athletes who do sports events on ESPN. They must be lplying against their industry
That's what I'd say. I think if I could work like Lebron, I'd leave the NFL and go back to college football to live life
He must have made a killing, then, he should consider retiring. I don't think he was very wealthy by the way
Yea, but it's risky. I'm sure he didn't set that up or plan his exit. I'm sure they didn't expect him to hit it big. In an age of trillion dollars worth of money going by quickly, it's good to keep playing the game we all love
 I think
