======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 and the weather this weekend.
What kind of food do you plan to buy for the weekend?
I tried Thanksgiving food and they're bland. They sure make me want to eat through the break.
Bake until after the break and watch a lot of video games. Good luck with that!
Yeah, as long as I do not pass out, I will consider doing so. Do you have any interest in the sport?
I do. I'm a super fan of it (not the last season's "giant robot" lol). I just don't have the stomach to wait around.
Hi!
Hey, how are you?
I'm good. How are you doing today?
Great, just had some delicious lunch. How about you?
I was flying my kite today in the sunshine! What did you have for lunch?
nice! Garbanzo fritters and mussels 🙂
Oh that is great! I love seafood - especially shellfish!
yeah, it's very healthy too. I want to someday go crabbing..it is really popular in SF
Oh nice! Is it hard?
not really, it just requires a lot of patience. You fill up the bait in the crab-pot and drop it in the ocean. Then you wait for a couple of hours to pull the crab-pots out, and voila, you'd have crabs -- if you are lucky!
Oh wow, you sound like an expert! Have you done this before?
nah! Just watched a lot of youtube videos
haha, you really have done your research I suppose! Ever done any other kind of fishing or hunting?
nope, but I've seen a lot of videos on that too
Ahh, would you consider yourself an outdoorsy type of person?
depends on the day. Some days I'm very outdoorsy, on others I just like to be inside
Hi!
Hi there
How's your day going?
So far so good. It is Wednesday. To more days, yeah
Haha are you looking forward to the weekend?
Yeah, gonna watch <REDACTED_TERM> with my friends. First time. So excited.
Oh wow! Are you going to watch it live? Or watch it on TV?
Live in san jose This Saturday.
Oh, the sharks??? Hokey is actually really fun live! Although, it can be a little violent.. haha
Yeah! That what I heard as well. There are players just for fight! Wow, must be fun to watch lol Are you planning anything for the weekend?
You might like the UFC haha. I actually have a jiu jitsu tournament coming up so this weekend I will be training!
lol I will try if I can watch ufc live 😉 Wow, when did you start jiu jitsu?
It's just been a little over a year. I'm still pretty amateur, but I figured I should give competing a try and just put myself out there.
wow, that's amazing. Good luck with it!
Yeah, as long as I do not pass out, I will consider that a win!
lol I will cross my fingers for you then
Where do you stay?
At Home :)
Who created You?
A humble man made me!
Hi!
Hey, how're you doing? Busy with your work?
Yes, actually it was a very busy day! How's your day so far?
Well, usual workday. Reading others' code, debugging, experimenting…
Hope you are having fun doing that 🙂 Any plans for the weekend?
Not yet. I am actually thinking about traveling to Europe next spring. What about you?
Europe sounds fun! I will just stay home and watch the game. Where in europe do you plan to visit?
I like all the historical sites, so probably France, Germany, or Italy.
 Sounds great! I recommend spain. It's perfect for road trips.
I also need to pick up my Spanish. I learned it in my college, but since then haven't used it that much.
 Yep, i tried learning spanish too, but couldn't make much progress. But i should do decent with my german.
True! I learnt it from school. But didn't get much chance to speak. Hope you have fun with your trip!
 Thanks! Let me try to make all the arrangement as soon as possible. Hope you also enjoy your weekday and weekend as well
Hi!
Hey! How's your day been?
It's good! I spent most of it watching horse racing. How about yourself?
nice! what's your favorite part about watching horse racing? My day has been pretty busy, but I had a nice lunch with a friend. It was good to catchup with him
I actually like to put down some money, but I wouldn't call it my favorite part
