======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 not mean by him or anyone
You really don't need a lawyer to represent you, but it looks like the judge has too much time on her hands. It looks bad when they have to appear before him, Surprised
Speaking of, who thinks he can do that to a man? He must have already made up excuses
Well, it wasn't very well known at the time of the complaint. A man said his ex-wife threatened him with a large lawsuit. It seems they were having a problem
 I know. And the judge apparently wasn't given any time to explain how he would do it. It was just a single incident
 It was a situation that is pretty old-fashioned and a little bit silly. Plus they are making the woman feel bad about not revealing her identity
Yes, and they were the ones who initially filed the suit. Did they have to pay? I wonder, Surprised
I'm not sure, but then again, they must have a lot of money. They might be on it from a previous event, maybe the same people who made the call the day the guy was leaving. I wonder what the jury would have taken have they made a decision that they were looking at
I know, right? I just hope that it wasn't a single-player game and that it was played out as a single person. It would have been cool if it looked more like a co-op game
 I agree. I also find it hard to believe it was made for video game play. Do you play video games?  Did they have a multiplayer mode to that
Yes, I've played games while I worked too, how about you? Wasn't the game, or the woman's performance? Do you play them
 Same.  The women did seem like they were very well motivated for it.  They were really good at the game after the incident
I was always surprised by the amount of sexism that they made. If anything, it surprised me that the game wasn't considered as a game, at least when they said it was a co-op mode
 I agree.  It seems that they had nothing against the game.  They had to leave the judge because he said the woman did not have the right to tell any information.  What I did know was that they had the right to have her say what they wanted to hear, but then at the end they just left it in an empty courtroom, Surprised
I understand the situation, that seems like a messed up thing to do.  It's really sad to see the situation that way.  People really hate anything that is going to cause them great problems in their lives.  People need a place to work, they need to be able to get a job that they can get paid to do it.  That just seems unfair to them
 I agree. So, did you know that Netflix and YouTube are the 2nd most visited website
 I do not. I really like to go to Netflix and enjoy all of the content. I can't believe the content is so popular. It was a success in the 60's
 Do you like the NBA
 I like the NBA. I have never heard the term NBA. What kind is it
It's the league that's currently in existence for the ages by which they're the premier amateur basketball league in the world.  I like how it's still around, but the best players from different sports are playing
 You know they made a movie about making that movie. It's going to be fascinating! It kind of makes me laugh I'm sure
Yes, I've heard that it's one of the most popular sports leagues in the world.  I really would enjoy watching that movie, so I can watch it.  Do you know who Kareem Abdul-Jabbar is
 I heard that. I wonder how he got into the game
I don't know, and I didn't realize until recently that he used to play for the Cleveland Cavaliers and his sister is a very famous basketball player.  My dad's grandmother used to do the same thing, if I had seen her games.  I know they were very well paid, but that doesn't mean they played very well
That was a player who made a career out of playing one of his favorite teams. It was surprising to me that the team he played against in the NBA was the LA Lakers. I wonder if they were even close to winning the game when he was alive, so I probably wouldn't have won. It was a real treat to know that! I wonder if he still played
 I wonder if his sister played basketball.  I really doubt she played at all.  She was a really big sister and sister team and a pretty good player.  I wonder who the other players were and how they met their standards there
You would think that they would be great at one game, but that they di they played together on a team called the Boston Celtics in the summer. So I am curious
