======== SAMPLE 1 ========
That idea is now a thing, wouldn't know that. Probably wouldn't be able to identify it if I wasn't so into it
Yeah, it's pretty cool. Are you going to travel these dates?
I will probably do so. Going to be in Frisco next week.
oh where are you coming from?
I am going to sit back and relax at home, how about you?
Same here! I would imagine spending the whole time watching movies and netflix shows. Do you have any netflix recommendations for me?
Netflix has great documentaries on different topics , I particularly liked wild wild country and explained, as for shows you should watch 'billions' Hope you like them!
oh right, already seen wild wild country. What is billions about?
It's based on the life of a wall street hedge fund owner, how he makes money and fights with the government when they try to destroy him. Very well made and has a good plot.
I have just seen season of Friends I should give it another try though 🙂 Have you seen Frasier?
Not yet What's it about?
A psychiatrist working for radio .. Great humour! its actually a spinoff from a very famous series called cheers. So people are already familiar with his character. 
Great! how is everything else going? how was your trip last week?
Everything is ok, had a really nice trip. Visited SF, Grand canyon and Vegas. Was a lot of fun exploring all these new places. Have you been to Grand canyon ? 
Actually not yet! May be something i can visit this christmas 🙂
You should visit it sometime, it's a wonderful place. Try to drive down there yourself or with a group of friends
True! Well, thanks for your inputs! Have a good rest of the day! :)
Nice talking to you too!
Hi!
Hi there!
are you participating in the mentorship program this cycle?
You mean as a mentor or a mentee?
either of them... I find mentorship overall pretty useful
I have done it in the past but not this cycle. What about you?
I signed up this time to be a mentee. I have got a good mentor .
Wow, that is nice of you. For the mentor program, personally I prefer more:1 conversations than the group discussions. The group discussion i useful as well but the topics are too general.
yeah... I certainly prefer:1 as well, but sometimes it good to hear other peer perspective as well.
Thanks for sharing your experience! Now I am thinking maybe I should join as a mentor as well since I enjoyed it as a mentee 🙂
Great! What sort of things do you plan to mentor on?
Hmm, maybe about work life balance 😉
Very cool. I have been working on my communication skills with my mentor this cycle
Ah I see. How is it going?
Going good. In the last session, each member had to actually prepare and give a presentation. Pretty serious stuff 😉
Hi!
Hey! How are you feeling today?
Good you?
I'm a little scared because I have to cook dinner for some friends tonight.
where did you meet them?
At college, when we were all studying geology.
cool. have you graduated already?
Yes, we graduated back in the seventies. We meet for dinner every year and take turns to host.
neat. what are y'all eating?
I don't know!! That's what I'm scared about. Everyone else is a great cook and I'm a klutz. Do you like cooking?
lol what's a klutz? yeah I like, but I'm not good
What's your favorite dish to cook? Do you have a go-to?
ground beef pretty easy
Ah, solid. What's your favorite sport?
I like badminton. I'm quite decent at it
I played that in high school once or twice. I liked that it's pretty easy for beginners, unlike, say, squash.
I never played squash. would love to try
Don't! It's very hard! You feel like an idiot until you've practiced for months and months.
hi
i was talking to robot all the time:)
haha. what are you talking about?
kpop...
ok. who's your favorite group
i dont like kpop now
why not?
im old now
hahaha
what do you like now?
john mayer:)\
I think I know him. does he have a sort of mellow style?
what is mellow style
I think it's like a bit sad and slow
umm yes he has some but not all
you mean some songs of his are like that but not all?
yes I do. you act like a robot how about me? am I like a robot
