======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 who will run the show as well LOL 
 Well it was nice chatting with you! Have a great weekend and happy gaming
Hello there, how are you? Do you like to read
I love to read, not really a fast reader, but I do  like it good for a long night at a meeting
 Nice. I like to read for pleasure. I have no problem with Mark Zuckerberg trying to control space to read for everyone
Yeah I just don't like that he does that. I don't think I have a problem with him, but what about apple
 Not sure for sure. I have some college students who like to read a lot. I have not read anything by Mark either
 Yeah I see but I guess that's my excuse. I love to read myself. I never finished college in college so I probably never finished college as a kid so I always have to work. What about you
I never had a choice not to finish college in college. I did finish college in college by choice, not my mom's choice, what is your college
 I ended college high school first in 1969 so I know I havent got lucky
Wow did you know that the top three richest presidents in the US were JFK, Washington, and Jefferson
Haha I di that's interesting. I did not know that. Trump must be the wealthiest lol
Yeah I agree lol, it's surprising how much wealth the presidents get that's for sure. I guess there's a lot of factors that go with that
 I guess so. Trump is not as much as I thought he would be. He's not even in the top 3. I do like him though
He is not as controversial as I thought was his nickname like Elvis, that's different
 I think he would have some cool names. I'm surprised he didn't become president in the first place lol
Yeah I think that he's interesting. Well it was nice chatting with you today, I need to go walk my dog, hope you have a nice day I think you too
Well I have to go, have a good day, have a good day
 Hello! Do you have a favorite book or piece of literature
Well I read a lot of classics myself, I really like the ones like CS Lewis and Tolkien
 I guess some of the earliest works on literature like Aristotle's Poetics are amazing. I love to read about it
 Yea I also like to read about CS Lewis and other poiticians. They are amazing people too bad I hated CS Lewis and read about him too
I always enjoyed the historical commentaries as well. The oldest known examples of written literature, as well as manuscripts, date back to prehistorical times
 I guess you're right about that! And so true. So do you have any favorite authors or see it so interesting. For example I loved Julius Caesar
 I have loved a few before but I was a little kid. Didn't he write a sequel to O Brother Where Art Thou
He di as a child and he was a bit eccentric. He wrote some books on language and even wrote fan fiction, he wrote about cats, LOL
He also wrote fan fiction of his own, I could see his interest in that
 He was not very popular though so that's not surprising with some of his stuff LOL he was a good kid. He actually had a science member named Stubbs come up with the name for his school's science building after him
That's awesome! So many wonderful animals, that of course would be funny to see. I'm so happy because we have so many animals who we can't biologically reproduce, and like you I feel we are the only mammals that can do that
Yep. And to add to that, some of them can thrive when we age, do 24-hour days. That is amazing, I would imagine
We can also use our brains in interesting ways. Like with abstract art, because there's a new kind of art that will forever change your life. Did you know that you can become a really huge fan of a group of animals if you can make a fan album with 100% of the artists? It is amazing
 That's amazing the number of people that will buy just because they have an album. Do you know that animals develop white patches on their foreheads when they are domesticated
That is neat! I like that. I would have never guessed that. They are actually white on their face, it's just how they look when they have that yellow light on their backs. I didn't that that's why I got confused with what you meant. You don't get confused with what you meant though
No you don't. You don't get confused with it either! I don't know if you're familiar with any animals that got names from the wolf naming conventions, but I've never heard of them
I hadn't. I mean, some animals are called like frogs.  But we don't have a big one.  Do you have a cat? 
