======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 Yeah
 You know I didn't realize they were a part of that. They sound like they do. Did you know that they had a contract with ESPN to do that
 I saw it was for 24000 eps. I heard they got a big pay raise
 Me too! So much more football games I can't imagine they're doing
 Did you know the patriots only have a measly 7 minutes of game between halftime and the national anthem
I didn't know that! Crazy that it only lasted 11 minutes! But you have to be a little aware of the clock, that's what I'm about to tell you. Also, it's crazy how much entertainment is available at that point! lol, Surprised
 I know right? Also, apparently the patriots aren't too happy with how they're doing on this topic
 They are so happy with themselves that they seem to be all over the world at least. They have an ad campaign to make them feel better. I was not aware of that. It's very nice to know that
 Do you think the patriots should just leave the national anthem at football games
I think that football is offensive! That would be funny and silly. I wonder if it'd make the anthem play a little more patriotic since they can sing
 Maybe but then they'd try to portray Trump as a racist. There's a lot of good in their politics
 I bet they are thinking of that! Did you know that the president of Indonesia is a pop star? Maybe he's a republican
I heard that! And he released three albums while in office? Maybe he's a Republican, like the president of Indonesia of Indonesia. I don't know if you live close enough to the president to have a real picture, but I did know that his album is an emo pop album
 No. I don't even know what a good rap or a good rap is. What is a rap
 A good rap, the writer of his songs is the man. Do you think he could be a republican
Lol, I don't really think so either! I would love to see the singer of the popular rap called Busta Rhymes with the boy band, the Rugrats
I can't imagine! Do you think the american's are crazy as well
I wouldn't say so. You're probably right, the americans are always being overrun with all the nonsense they just hear from media. So, do you think there's a conspiracy
 I don't actually think the american is crazy! But I do believe that the news media is being manipulated so much. The President is really a strange person. He is not a bad person. So what do you think President Trump is
 I think he's really smart and he knows a lot about himself! But it's good to know his dad's secret service codename! What a strange codename
 It is interesting that his dad did not serve in the military. I heard there's been a lot of rumors of a Trump/Putin connection surrounding some presidents and Presidents in the days before the 1800s
There are certainly interesting rumors. I had no clue. But, do you think if the Trump/Putin connection is real, it's possible that the President will be able to get to power in less than a decade, at least after the next US President dies? It would seem to be a very risky business though if there is a real power conflict
I completely understand that. I also was interested to know that Presidents are a sub-family of ancient leaders, that the first president of Zimbabwe was called President Banana. I was not even aware that
I think it's funny how the president of Indonesia has released 3 pop albums while in office, I wonder if Trump still wants them on his album
I think that would be very funny. Speaking of humor, do you follow politics at all
I am very interested in the subject sometimes, sometimes I don't. I've got to get to work today. I just learned that they have a pop album called Allo Da Waiter. Ha! I want to listen to that! Anyway, Great chat! have a good evening
 Hi there. Did you know it was held in the Ancient Roman Amphitheater in Pompeii
I didnt know! The Roman Amphitheater in Pompeii has a huge sound. The Roman amphitheater still stands, it is very unique. The ancient Romans didn't have enough time for the concerte. Did you hear a bit about how it feels to be the host of a concert
Well, in one week, the sound of a concert could be a huge deal that's why all the performers have to leave the arena during the performance! It is also a great thing that their concerts are free
I agree! The musicians have to be paid, and the venues have to have seats. All because they put a lot of money into tickets that a concert is worth, I believe. Thats why in the United Kingdom all concerts are free! But I believe
