======== SAMPLE 1 ========

  Just thinking how interesting!  One thing is that there are more people on the planet that live on one species than there are on the planet Earth
 Yes. Humans have destroyed 80% of the natural forest on the Earth. I wonder what humans are doing to the Earth
 I'm not sure... I don't think they could have kept up with all of the wildfires and beoeing hoof noises on our foreheads
 The Earth would not have been helium-free at the end of the 21st century if helium were to be released at a rate not seen in the past 20 years
 Yeah... it doesn't seem to be working that well... We need helium because we no longer produce it as is but we wouldn't be outranked by other species by our ability to breathe that gas
 That's a good point... We need helium. We can regrow ribs at a rate we can already do
 HA!  That's pretty amazing!  We've also been here about 140 years but over half of them are still covered in water
 Well, theres a lot on Earth. Humans have actually been on Earth for millions of years
 I mean we are a part of history not just an addition to it
Yeah, and now we have the tools to change it for the better
 The earth is 71% water. I think that there is more in the oceans if we go that far
 Interesting
 It is. Did you know the earth has almost 71% water? Is 71.6% water
Yes, and 80% of it was water, that is a lot of water. Earth will be virtually Helium free by the end of the century
Hmmm, I did not know that. That's interesting
 Helium can cause disease in humans too. I am considering going to Australia too and looking for a big houseboat to float around the Northern Hemisphere
 I think you would love it there... There really is nothing else like sitting near a white house and listening to the music on the radio
 Yes. Have you ever been to the white house? I've been to other presidential houses but never one in D.C
No, I haven't been to the White House but I will check it out. It's really interesting
 It's really unusual. You'd have to wonder what they have to do to make that happen. The White House is actually smaller than previous presidents which is interesting
Interesting. I wonder, how much of the guest house is actually built? And actually who lives it is not known.  Probably someone who lives in Washington...
 I wonder if it's a college located there too? I think I saw a few video clips recently to see if anyone would come over and visit. Ha! Nice chatting with you this evening
 Hey there how often do you drive a car? My wife and I do.  What's your preference
 I have a Cadillac. I drive one of my cars everyday right now
Oh cool...  yeah me too!  Did you know that drive through's were invented in 1975 to help soldiers who weren't allowed to leave their cars wearing fatigues
 No I didn't know that. That seems really wasteful but I guess it makes sense. I wonder if they changed the military model or what the service model says
That's the only one I know of.  On a different subject, do you play chess at all?  It's definitely an odd sport to play in the grand scheme of things, but I can't stand how boring it is
 I don't play much. I can only find chess pieces for practice or analysis though. Can you imagine beating a real person to a match
Yeah that does seem hard but if you can believe it's still possible, then how does anyone have a guess who found the best pawn in chess?  For something as complex as chess, that's probably easy if they had the best pieces
 Maybe knowing there's only 1 king and the other could win a guess. The rules would have to change otherwise the final score would be too high for the players
Yeah that's true you wouldn't know.  I'm also wondering how a chess grandmaster could match a human to the most important information in a game of chess
 It would be interesting to see how he did that though. I wonder what the average age chess grandmaster is though
 Yeah not sure actually.  Chess is really fun though!  Even chess players can play a few games in a year as a beginner
I think they practice in the summer, I wonder if they train in the winter? You know what else is cool?  My car is equipped with a clause in the warranty saying that it's legal to put flamethrowers on your car
Yes, i can believe that they are in the cars in the summer. It was great talking with you
 Did you know that the president of Zimbabwe was called president Banana
 I think I did hear it once. Do you know what a banana is
 A kind of fruit? Did you
