======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 that's not really my style though, ive been watching alot of documentaries on youtube.  That sounds better than the 1st season though.  So, do you watch a lot of youtube.  Do you watch it?  I used to listen to rap a lot
I have watched a few on YouTube, I have even found a hidden dancer
Yea,  I like Tupac some of the time too.  I was really interested to see if Jay Z could play basketball because his ballet skills were in great use in his movies
Yes I agree with you, I bet he made a ton of money just by spending tons of money on shoes
I had a pair of MJ's, but they were banned from the NBA.  I guess there's a reason Nike paid the fine!  If they have something similar to MJ with shoes, they could use the extra money to buy a pair
I bet, that was a mistake, what do you think of the granny shot being the best way to score free throws? That I think I might change a thing
I don't like it too much, but I'd love to see footage of a player using it! I'm gonna check that out.  Maybe I'll look up some NBA player names
Right the NBA players names are probably pretty old, I've even heard that Reggie Miller couldn't have been good at basketball, he was under 17 at the time
If that's true I think there's a good chance he was a terrible athlete.  You know, Kareem Abdul-Jabbar had the dunk shot banned for over a decade, until it was banned again
Yes he was a horrible player, crazy that he can do the dunk just by the wait. he's not a professional now though. maybe he should just practice
He should have practiced too, then he could dunk his way into the hall of fame.  I wonder what kinds of rules he would have used
I think he needs to get paid 000 a year more from the NBA, he deserves every penny
He could have made millions from endorsements if he di he should be one of the highest paid players of these years, you know that the NBA average annual earnings is $1.09 billion
That does sound like an amazing salary, he must have some skills and if he didn't, he could have become one of the best paid players on the league
 Yeah I can see that. Are you a basketball fan at all
I watch it sometimes, it's good that there is some basketball court on the top floor of the Supreme Court
Yeah that is a good one, I like that the sheriffs in Nevada have to wear a propeller beanie cap to work, not sure what that's for
Yeah, I think that is a unique look for them. It would be interesting watching a basketball game
I guess it works for me, I love a good game. Nice talking with you
 Hey!  Do you like any animals
 I love all animals. I always thought animals had eureka moments in my life. That's a great interpretation of the term.  , Surprised
Oh, I heard about that. I think that animals are interesting creatures. I mean, there are about 226 quintillion individual animals on the Earth
That's impressive!  Even though I've never encountered an animal that's still interesting, and over 71 thousand living animal species
Ha. Yeah, like that! I also love how there's about more living animals per day than there are animals living in the wild
That's hard to wrap your mind around!  All this research must of be really expensive. I mean humans are the minority on the planet, in terms of total world population
 And to think that humans are only a minute, 455 k000 light years away? We've come so far as having to adapt. But it seems we aren't doing that
 I love how animals are the only ones that understand pointing and understand the human pointing too!  Animals also can regrow ribs in just 2-3 months of having it surgically shortened
Oh, wow. I've never seen that! I've definitely been to a zoo that has it, but is it still open
Yeah, it's open too! It'd be pretty crazy to see.  Animals do have constitutional rights in the US, though, even though we do have the legal right to anesthetize
I didn't realize the animal's anatomy and their anatomy from anatomically correct to surgically defective. I just thought it was more logical to have them refer to anatomy so that's why I think humans have rights. I can't really understand that either, I have to Google this. Well, it was great chatting with you! Have a nice evening
I agree, I hope you have a nice weekend too
 hi how are you? are you a big or big fan of football
 I try to watch the Super Bowl. I am a little girly.  I am a Rams fan 
