======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 into the other countries
 That's just crazy that all his money went, they even had a lottery if they won
Yeah they do! They even put a solar panels on the white house, they have a lot of money then they can put one of those on a building
 That's cool! They do have the White House also, that's what I would consider a neat thing
 They do too
 Do you like basketball
 I like soccer and football a lot
 Do you know who Kareem Abdul-Jabbar is
I did not know that, he was just born in the US
Yes, he is an American player and he plays in the highest level
Yes, he plays in Japan, maybe he will be good for Brazil
 Do you have an iPhone 
 Yes I am a big iPhone user. Did you know that the iPhone has more computing power than the entire us nuclear icbm deterrent
No, that is crazy, that is scary
Yes, I knew that as well, it is amazing
 Do you have an air-to-air system 
Not quite as great, but I would prefer that
Yes, it would be so cool if we could fly to Venus, it is very hot there
Yes, its a hot zone that would be so great for space exploration
Yes, it would be cool to go to Pluto with a small rocket too
Yeah, I would go to mars with a small helicopter for a short bit. Do you like cars
Yes, I do like car and I love driving, I love to ride my car too. Do you know which brand of car the fastest is
I used to ride it, they are goo maybe not that fast, but they are not slow
 Yeah they are all the speed. Do you know who invented the name car or do you know who invented the name
 Yes a man named Cadillac who founded the first mass production car
Yeah but he must be great, he must have been so good if we do not know who got him founded, what did he do
He started out as a car salesman in Alabama, he sold everything on amazon to pay his bills. Now he has made a lot of money out of this
 Yeah he does the largest auto brand in the world. I would have liked to know he got car-related information
Yeah, yeah, I thought it was crazy he did it and what amazon does is they are creating this service manual to help customers
Yeah, because he likes it
Yeah, I would have liked to know his thoughts on it too
 Yeah I wonder what he thought
Didnt know, I am going to go look it up
Nice. The Model T is actually named after the inventor
 Yes there is quite a story there is one guy who made the car that could drive itself though
 Yes also makes more money in cars than cars combined
Yes, yes that is true! Do you know about the Apple logo on the car
Yes, I remember the car as being named to honor the founder of Apple
 Yes. Do you know which brand is the best
 The US made the Model T
 They were going to do something else. All the stuff like that like the name Apple. And their other brand was named after the founder
 Yes the US is great for its industrial and industry which is really good
 Oh yeah I have my favorite brand right now! But not as good as BMW. They were founded in 1936
 Yes i believe we will be around for a while. I was wondering that
 Yes but they are not as high quality as the iPhone. Well Im sure the sales have gone down since they were launched
 Yeah we will have some more iPhone's like the 1 and 2 in the future that it will be
 Yes. Do you know what the difference between apps and computers is
No. I did not know that. I have always been curious. I do enjoy reading, however because of the power of internet technology, I tend to take on more reading
 Yes because of the way internet access is greatly increased and you can read almost anywhere and everyone. And people will start to read a lot. You can read over 750 BC and still make use of the internet to study and learn
 Yes they will soon be able to read the classics. I enjoy reading and it's cool people are interested in learning more that we once did
 Yes but for their use of the internet it must be very fun for them to explore. It's a fascinating game. You can hear the commotion as the waves of ships will speed away
 yes I am happy to see that. Do you know that there are 47 quintillion words in it
Yes, but the word order goes back to the early days of human civilization
 Yes more recently
Yes I think so too, it makes sense since it means learning. The best way to learn is by watching a video. That video should always be watched by the children. I think they should watch the movie first
 Yeah it's probably a good idea
