======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 226. There was a lot of controversy when they did it in 2012 after racking records and losing fans, Surprised
I have never been to Japan, though i would love to. Do they have many of those? I like what the first ever game could be...the 80's!
 I'm sure they are everywhere! You know you are talking about. It took 40 states to put a name to soccer with words and words of another origin
wow!   It's been fun chatting, but I need to go wash my hands because I did not know it was america
 i was to watch last night's world cup at the stadium. They say that Russia didn't even make it
 Are you a fan of soccer
Yes, I am. But I'm a little slow. Do you watch
No, I'm not a fan. I would rather watch the SuperBowl, but it's taking longer than some people expect. Do you watch the World Cup finals
I follow more sports than watching the world cup, what about you
Yes, I follow the world cup and the USM most parts. I was surprised to find out that soccer makes more money than football, baseball, basketball, and golf combine
I guess it does, that makes sense that is because I think that the game has more money than some other major sports combine Curious to dive deeper
Yes, I have heard the average single man earns $000 to $000 per year
I guess they must be making a lot of money, one player runs about 145 miles an week, that takes a toll on him
 Yeah it does. I believe that they play a ton. One week in January  there was a match against England that lasted 11:15. it was incredible!
That is just nuts, that must be a lot of dedication for the players
Yes it must. The players should stand up, play soccer and relax. The American team is very good too, they have won five times FIFA World cup with three US wins
The US is also very good at soccer, a goalie is actually the ball as well as the net which is what determines how fast the final goal is
 Cool. I am sure that is a very important part of soccer. I was surprised when I found out that soccer was named after the city of Benarui in the Faso-les-Soubriya region of Spain
It is a game that is played in lots of different places, from anananks tomocritries totots, I am sure that it is one of the most popular games
 Yes indeed it is. Football is another popular sport also. It's very confusing to me that the highest paid employees are coaches of football and the State of the Union address is addressed to the President on Saturday
That is interesting, I want to be a coach
Yeah, I hope you have a good day. Good speaking with you, have a lovely day
I learned a lot, have you heard anything
 I cant say I have.  I am a casual fan.  
 I think I learn more as I go along.  How fun is soccer though
It is popular, but sometimes hard to wrap my head and think how it all ends.  It is so popular, but in the end it is about how good it is that is what creates all of the economic success
 The end of the world cup would be short on important things..
I really want to see France play, since they made it last year
I know people say France are a boring team, but it is a french football, just like the english league
Yes, the end of the world cup.  I dont know how good they are but I know they are a very entertaining team
 They are very good.  Nice talking with you
How are you?  Do you watch alot of soccer
I've got a friend that plays it, he says the world cup would be a good event
 I know right!  We are talking about the world cup?  Do you know what the city in Qatar that Qatar host the world cup will be?  I don't even know what city they will be hosting
It will be in  the city of Doha, they dont want to cause any problems there
 I always wondered why they didn't want to do that too much though.  Qatar must like soccer maybe
It makes more sense, they must be up to something every group for soccer, they need Qatar to build a big sports stadium
 That's so true.  Did you know that there is a soccer variation that has 3 teams instead of one?  I can believe it though
Its a variation of the American team so I guess that makes more sense, have you attended any pro matches
I have not, but it sounds like one might play a few different positions.  The play the best is always the best
I agree everything goes on, and I guess the qataranadillacs got 3rd place in
