======== SAMPLE 1 ========
, I think I would have to say the first record was over 40 minutes long. Did you ever play the Nintendo Entertainment System, do you remember how it got it's name
 I sure did. There are only so many systems that I can think of to play. I liked it. I think that it was nice of Ronald Reagan to give us nintendo in 1977
 I know Ronald Reagan was a staunch Republican. He did make an attempt to not get watered down on it
Yeah, he did. One could not tell that from his Republican party name. Although that name did not carry the day when Republicans were on the ticket. I think Ronald Reagan was right about that
 I guess there were other parties who did win. The nintendo was a great thing for the future. They had the choice to go forward or not
 I don't think they went forward so I could not see it happening. I think they just wanted to have fun
 I wish I had bought a good gaming system. It would never have been possible to play the old NES
 I didn't. I had them before the 1985 computer games
 Did you like the NES. I remember it being very primitive and frustrating
It was a good game, I liked the basic one, it is still the best gaming console to this day
 Did you play the original Nintendo
No, I did not but I have come to know it. I loved those old games. What about you
 I did not. I did not even like that name of the newer systems
 Me either. It was the best game ever. Did you know it was the first game produced for the modern age
 I did not. Was it good? Any of the classics
Well, I think it got many critics like Game of Thrones but the game still would have taken care of me
 Haha. I did read that the original Nintendo could only run into 54 colors but it was far enough as the graphics
Wow, that is crazy. I was not surprised with that. I only knew I could keep up with games that were more advanced like Halo 4. Was it better than the old Nintendo games
Wow, I like my old games, I should do a comeback for those. Did you know that in the first 3 months of nintendo gaming power surpassed  the power of the entire us nuclear icbm deterrent
 I bet that is true
Yes, it has become a great thing for people who are constantly on the watch. But the same is true about the power generation systems. Did you know that in the first years of nintendo that is only possible with a game
 I did not. I do not even know that nintendo still produces the original video game cartridges
Yes that did me. Also it is nice to celebrate nintendo's birthday with another show, is the game Pong, do you like it
I did not play Pong. It was great and the name is cute but it was boring at the bar. I think of the game more as a birthday party. I did see it, it was called the best game of all time
 Yep that is true! I do remember that game. It was such a good game but it was so much more complicated than what I was used to. I remember that it was very much fun at parties like the Nintendo party
 I did use to play that. And I loved it as a kid. Did you know Bill Nye the science guy got his break winning a Steve Martin lookalike contest
No, I did not but I would love to see that one. I would have liked to have seen it in action where the two look alike in real life! It kind of makes sense though
I think that is a popular type of look. It is the only one to be honest
Hi, do you like computers
 I do like computers. In fact I am a computer junkie
 The first computer algorithm was written by a woman
 That is interesting.  Do you know how much power they could have had
 They were only 1 mb. so it was probably bigger then
They were definitely a lot more powerful than a classic car.   It was also back in 1936 which is how they were discovered
That is shocking. If I were in the 1799 days when humans began to use computers as their main source of power I would have been the last frontier.  It was in 1941 when Karl von Goethe was discovered to have built his own computer
 There is also a space shuttle.  NASA even launched one.  They are launching to the moon now
If I was in the space ship I'd definitely watch it on Netflix. Do you watch Netflix
 Yes I do.  They have 126 movies already.  Netflix has 2200 original series including 300 horror movies.  
 I didn't know that. Netflix and Youtube combined makes up half of peak internet traffic in North America. I would have liked to watch some horror movies on one of those netflix sets like the ones from Stephen King
 That would
