======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 do not want air traffic to be affected?
I think it can be caused by the amount of water that goes into a sport.
I see. It's very important to have the correct balance of gravity and reason.
I agree. In the past, I has experienced a kind of mental health problem. I used to be quite normal. Now I feel like I'm in a world of Kardashians and one of them is actually from a distance, which is very revealing.
I don't know if it's actually your mind lapsing somehow.
I think I know someone who once visited my parents in a hotel and they said to have a cat, and made him sign anuance. I really liked that relationship between your parents and your best friend?
Well, until last week, when they started to run out of things to take care of.
I love cats.
Hi!
How's your favorite cat?
Pikachu? I can't stand cat babies.
Hi!
Hey, how are you?
I'm a bit sad. I'm actually a cat, I trust my instincts.
What did you do for work?
I’m a professional dancer.
Oh cool! What style of dance?
I trained in contemporary and jazz, so I can pick up work in commercials and film clips in between stage shows.
Oh cool! What shows do you love to dance?
I love to do funny videos
I also enjoyed eating the Thanksgiving tree 🙂
I always find it hard to fit the turkey in my small oven. Also, sometimes it good to hear other news shows about the holidays
😂
Do you have big plans?
Yes! I am going to Hawaii. This will be my first time visiting Hawaii. Really excited about it.
I love Hawaii. It's a good place to be. I like going there cause it's humid so I never have to put on lotion.
lol this is the first time I heard from a boy who cares about humidity and lotion. I cannot agree more.
Brooooo!!! It's so important. When I got to California beaches I have to carry 3 litres of lotion for the whole day.
😂
Hi!
Oh hello. Long time no talk. How's the day going for yuo?
Very well, thanks for asking. How has your day been?
Getting better. I just recovered from a cold. I got wet in the rain last week. Are you planning anything for the holidays?
Glad to hear you're better. Sorry to hear you were sick. I was sick a couple of weeks ago with a bad cough. There's definitely a bug going around. Admit I just want to stay healthy for the holidays and plan to relax.
Oh same here. I think relaxing at home should be counted among the best ways to enjoy the holidays.
Definitely! I know a lot of folks travel for the holidays, but I'm happy to stay home myself!
I'm getting there. Every year until last year, I tried to go somewhere for the Christmas / New Year, and then I got bored traveling. lol not sure if that means I'm getting old?
Me too. Now I have folks come visit me for the holidays! But that's also tiresome..
Are you doing any home decorating then?
Yes! We set up an eco-friendly (i.e. fake) Christmas tree and put up some colorful LED lights which is very festive.
I think I'm copying you. Me and my wife plan to decorate and Christmas tree too. We bought most of the decorative stuffs from the stores, but haven't yet to buy the tree.
Buying a tree is a neat experience. I was torn between buying an artificial/eco-friendly/fake one vs. a real one that smells like fresh pine. In the end, we opted for the one that we can disassemble every year.
I see. Artificial anything is better, from tree to intelligence, huh?
Oh, very clever pun! I like it! Depends. I remember having real Christmas trees from childhood, but these days with climate change, I think not chopping down a tree just to decorate it and then throw it out in a month is the more responsible thing to do.
I see. It's probably also cheaper. I'll buy an artificial one too. Do you have any suggestions for the store?
Admit my favorite store is Target, plus they often have good deals.
Ah that's great. My wife also likes Target a lot. She even made a Target credit card because she comes to that store very often. Okay thanks for the suggestion. I'll check out Target.
Great, I hope you find a nice tree.
Hi!
Hey
How's your day going?
pretty good. yours?
Ehh it's fine. I didn't do so well on that history
