======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 there. I'm more of a cardiologist now. Did you know that one fold in the brain is the only way to communicate? I think that's a pretty big fold in the brain haha
I have recently discovered the brain, it's pretty amazing, I'm sure the person reading that got excited and did a good job haha
I hope they were! Hopefully she was really talented personally, lol! I am going to go practice a few more fold in my brain now. Ha
 hahahah you should do that haha. It's so relaxing though and it will make your life easier! Do you remember the movie the box office hit
Yeah, not sure it won a ton but my recollection of it was that it made it huge
 I guess the film earnings were about the same as now. It must have played a ton of money though. Do you enjoy Disney films
I do, but I think it's the smaller and mid-budget things that don't really capture the public imagination. I think this is the 90's. Did you know Pocahontas is actually the first disney film to be dubbed in a Native American character. I know they wanted to make sure that made it's sense
I never really thought about how Ntelevision was going to be dubbed but to be fair, I would have to agree with you I do agree with you as well
 I would say a lot of people would agree with you on that one with Disney. Did you know the toy industry gets involved in Disney films before the beginning of the film's production
Well that makes a lot of sense. And it also makes a lot more sense then. I mean, the toy industry makes money off all sorts of things, like toys. I think the first movie he makes is not worth a lot. Now, they want people to love the character
 You would think! He has been the voice of the Mouse King ever since that little guy in The Silence of the Lambs. It's crazy how much Disney is involved in these movies that they release. They even have a Dc Films animation with a major theme park opening right now
Oh wow, I knew they were involved before that. That's an amazing franchise. I also think they have some pretty good acting. Did you know an all dutch citizen has the right to anapanese dubbed version of Disney movies
That is shocking. I would never imagine that being possible. And I agree on this, I would love to see a Japanese dubbed movie! Ha, now that's pretty cool. I had fun chatting with you
Yes it is. You too, have a great night! Thanks
Yes I will give that movie a listen and see how it goes. Enjoy your night also
 Thanks
 Do you like baseball
 Not as much as baseball
 Yeah. I don't watch it that often. Is it important to live
 Yes it is. One of my kids used to play it with an arm. It's not super popular in Japan though apparently, Surprised
 Yeah it's not. The pitchers have no fighting and they can throw the ball like a horse. That's a really good thing
 Yes that is super cool. They have to match the pitches a lot. Do you know which parks have the highest baseball teams? The pitcher park
 I do not. Is that really where they schedule the games every year like the MLB
 Yeah they schedule the baseball games on a schedule. Well parks have a lot of support so it makes sense
 Did you know managers can actually play for their teams? That's actually where the oldest active team was formed. I bet that started back in the 19th century, Surprised
 It does. Did you know in Japan baseball is so popular that is why
 Yes I heard that. Did you know the first game was played in the 4 days
 Yes it was against the Indians. I would love to have seen the two teams that play each other at the same time
 Me too. The game would be so exciting. Do yo like kickball? I like it here in the states
 I do like kickball. Did you know baseball is very popular in Japan as well, Surprised
 Really that's interesting. There is also a name for the sport Baseball All Japan which seems to beBaseball in my opinion
 That is good. Did you know baseball is more popular in Japan>
Yes over there they still call it soccer-baseball than in the US, I like the different names
 I guess they are fans of the game. It was good talking to you
 Hi there are you a baseball fan
Yes, I enjoy baseball and live in the nation (US) where everything is baseball, live and true.  Baseball is my favorite sport
Yes, i try to learn more about baseball in person. The US women's world cup had a better American League than the world series, which i suppose is an advantage or a curse
 It probably is.  The World Series were played between 1903 and 1908
