======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 tea.
Hey, you guys are stuck on me, and I'm stuck on you, and I'm fucking nuts.  So if you can only remember one thing, please remember that the only thing I can really remember is how I felt toward you.
Yeah, if that's what you really want to know.
What did we know?
Well, I'm actually on my way right now.
You do?
You're right. I don't have a home now. It's been like thirty years and I still can't get my hair cut. So just think about it -- I'm not a cop anymore. So I suppose I'm kind of pissed at you, but not because of anything. What am I do now? Just like I been on this job for thirty years. Do you think you're one of those guys whose only crime is making fun of the other guy? No I'm not, and don't tell me you're such a cop that you actually shoot the first guy who shoots you and then freeze and die on the spot? And this is some fucked up thing and I'm not saying that -- I have to feel that way about anybody and I don't have to feel that way about anyone, I just have to feel that way about the person I'm supposed to be looking at.
Yeah, look, I know all the words to that, and if you don't care about that, then what?  You don't care about me, and you can't even pretend to care about me.
I think you're all wrong, aren't you?
It's not my fault. I shouldn't have come. If I'd have stayed. I mean it was all I could attempt. Now you're trying to blame me... and it's all bullshit and you can't even think about the people you were with at the time. You can't even imagine that I wouldn't have come to my senses, because after all the years of hurt and disappointment I've caused you... and the years of guilt and lack you've pulled in my ear and made me cry and say how fucking sorry I've just never been? How am I supposed to pretend not be angry? I can't even breathe --
It was a mistake. I shouldn't have come.
No. You couldn't have known it was happening.
I didn't think it would, actually, anyway. I should have known that it would.
I'm sorry... I shouldn't have come.
No. It's not my fault.
Yeah.
You lost it, you know?
Not at all.
Nothing.
What did I tell you?
Well. I did.
Yeah, really. I'll get an answer soon --
I wasn't able to answer your question.
Does that mean I still have a relationship?
I just found out --
Are you married?
Does her and husband still have any kids?
Ain't that not true! I haven't seen either of them since they were born. They both have very young daughters. Except -- there's something I have to ask you about.
You haven't even told me about their inheritance?
All right -- that's all.
If there's someone you want to talk to, please feel free to call.
I'm sorry I made it sound like I didn't know you were making such a big mistake. I know what it means to be supercushioned --
Thanks for taking care of this.
What a gutless person. I know you look at me with the same contempt I'd feel when somebody slapped my breast on a piece of paper.
No! How could you do that?
I mean, you knew how I usually smelled --
No, I'm sorry --
Come on, you know who he is?
It looks like he and my daughter left you at the mall the day Teresa died.
Oh. You have?
I have a call from Teresa, she's very upset. She said she was driving me home from work today. The last thing she needed was some big giant headache.
Yeah, right, I guess so.
You know Teresa Banks, haven't you? What's she doing here?
You just said that because you knew which one I don't.
But, why would you say anything if he's dead?
I think that if you have any feelings about Teresa Banks it's because of all the attention he's got.
How could you?
You told me. I thought maybe he'd been killed in the pool. But obviously he wasn't.
What'd you tell?
I haven't seen him in months.
I've got one question. Do you still have any feelings about Teresa Banks?
All right, then let's get started.
No, I don't have any feelings.
I don't have any feelings either.
What? You don't have any feelings? Do you just start
