======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 need one of these day in the future. It's also a lot like the Simpsons episode where Bart is neither seen nor mentioned. I can't believe he's never seen
I know, I hope it was on video, did you ever watch the show Thomas the Tank Engine
 I actually remember it in the 50s and 60s. Ringo Starr is a voice talent of sorts. He must have done a lot of political theater for the star of The Simpsons
Yeah, that guy definitely did. And Alec Baldwin, do you know why he did it
I can't see an answer, but it made sense. Speaking of the stars, did you know that Ringo was a high schooler? I'd love to be invited to the first Simpson's skit to see Homer. Ha
Yeah, and there were several dozen students! What comedy was that
Yeah, I remember Ravi Shankar and Did you know Comedy Central had cancelled over 100 shows since its creation in 1989! I think I know what they did before watching the Simpsons
 Ha ha yeah. Back to Thomas the Tank Engine. Did you know that their narrator was not in the TV show Thomas the Tank engine
Yeah, that is pretty cool and in Ringo Starr and Alec Baldwin voice I can see, did you watch that show>
I didn't. Speaking of Great Shows, did you know that Ringo Starr was once rejected for a role because an entertainment executive didn't think he hadthat presidential look
Yeah, maybe he looked that same in the days when media were just TV shows! Maybe now that look has caught up to him, he was born on the 6th of February, 1664. I hope he finds his way to the good ole days
 Ha ha yeah maybe a future presidential look to him. It's crazy that there wasn't much Ronald Reagan was president for 13 years. Well it was nice chatting with you
I never knew the actor's namebooth was before his appearance on The Simpson, can you believe that
Yes, I guess it was? I wonder if he still uses that floppy disk for storing his old episodes he used to produce when he was growing up
I believe so, I wish he were in a movie or two, but they all seem to be making and it was kind of nice of him ha
I mean in his day it was all about money and fame, money for the top, and notoriety for the little guy. It was a pretty famous era for entertainment, still. Do you like the original Atari set by the way
I'm not completely surprised that the black and white pictures aren't pictures of the actual thing, they're actually pictures of the actual box and the name of the satin blocks
I used to like that game better when I was younger, I didn't use the real thing, to be honest
 I was all about the money for the satin blocks back in the day with the Nintendo. It was fun though. Do you like to watch TV also
I don't watch TV much, not a big TV fan but I think it probably helps in the evenings. I also like to watch movies as well like the new Star Wars, the original ones just don't have the same ambiance of the movies I thought were great
Yea I never got into the originals and never saw any of the new ones though, I have the original trilogy coming out so fast, now I'm 33 and they just don't let me watch them in the evenings as well
The originals are always pretty ba but the R2D2 is just a real weird bird with stripes and a bit scary. Also like the real Star Wars, the ones from the original and creepy, like the ones from the R2D 2, Surprised
Lol the movies always suck. I was like that bird in the elevator with red lights and the stripes! Speaking of birds, did you know that some live in Australia will spend as much as they make hollow metalwork to construct and rebuild their nests
 Yeah isn't everything acoustic tested at 1 ppm? And then over 000 of those birds are put down and end up dying. Really sad
It makes sense since no one knows how to test their hollow metalwork unless someone makes it. Well it was great chatting with you. Have a good night
 Thanks and I hope you do too! Take care
 Do you like TV
 I love TV. How about yourself
 Do you like The Simpson's
 It's a great show. Do you know they have never tried to remake the Simpson's in the UK
 I heard they tried to do that a few years ago. Did you know The Simpson's is in the top 200
Yeah, it made me sad to think of the show as a kid. Did you ever get into Pokemon
 I loved Pokemon. Did you know there are over 750 episodes
Yeah, it is one of the highest number of number I've ever heard in my wild country. That's a lot of episodes
 I guess the show has stood
