======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 world.  
Haha that's awesome. Maybe like the internet has everything lol but what happens to your data if you lose it, Surprised
True.     When you buy, make, charge, or rent something from a stranger, you also may get a discount.     I know that in most states, a company will receive discounts based on a survey of people who buy something
Nice, I would not want to work for the state because I want to be the runner up in a state election, that way I have an advantage with who is in office and I can lower the taxes since I am the second highest paid state employee
 Good point.     It doesn't hurt to consider an alternative job if your choice.     If you know someone,  you'd think they would have a better answer than you
Yeah, but a survey of people who have worked in the government was done back in 1962, before the Civil Rights Act, and they probably weren't paid that much back then
 Good point.    I would just want to work more because in most states it's the second or third most important job in the economy.    Have you heard that George W. Bush put Solar Panels back on the White House
Never heard of that. I might have to look it up on the internet so I can find it
That's good.    However, if you find the answer you might want to consider joining the alternative movement.    After all, it was not until the years of the internet that everyone was using computers and the Internet
Yeah I can't wait to get a computer logged in now lol, it was nice chatting with you, take care
 Hello - I'm a bit sad that it's already holiday season. Even though it sounds nice. Have you seen any new movies lately
 I haven't seen any. I usually think of films when I think about when I'm feeling nostalgic. What is there to say about our society these days seems pretty abstract and easily dismissible when you think back a little further
 There are a lot of things that you shouldn't think about when you think about it - people being able to have access to just about anything, I suppose. I know in 2011 alone there were over 1 billion Americans who could barely get enough of it to warrant it in their lifetimes though or their children
I suppose that we have all of our lives but most of our possessions. We still have our own language though - movies, books, movies, everything. I wonder if this includes the old school school versions of the same movie, the ones with Jarvis or if they just use a mix of actors that are used before or during filming
 They say that their own sets and the sets before them are used in their own movies. And the sets that we're used to now are used throughout the movie to give the illusion of progression and challenge the other movies use it to build a story line
I suppose the movies are used with caution with all the new technology being introduced. Still, it's fascinating to think that someone could come up with just about every device you're likely to see in an entertainment film, let alone one of these high-tech ones
Well, not everyone has the technology. I wonder how much of a change technology is in today's society as a whole, considering many are still struggling to find their own way of getting by without the consumerism that is expected of them
 I'm sure those that live on social media and entertainment news have started to find themselves in situations like that. And so it's not as easy and it can lead to a lot of breakdowns as it is in many other professions
It really is. We are still developing tools but not perfect solutions to help solve problems like addiction and mental illness. Even if they hadn't, someone would have helped us when we had the Internet or developed networks in places like the Library of Congress (where a library serves as library). We need to give more research and development facilities a better chance to use their resources
It is still tough to get people in places where they can help with their own research. People should try to find a nonprofit that they can help them with their own research facilities or just have them do it themselves, since those organizations work with nonprofit organizations in different ways
It's definitely helpful for those that don't have access to the internet. There is even 3G coverage, so if more people can help out, it could come in handy. Still, just having people who aren't addicted to the internet will help with anyone's stress
I've heard that the library serves as a buffer between addiction treatments and websites where people can let them know when they are free to go online or if they don't want to charge them a fee
I think it depends on what the treatment focuses. I personally would want to try out one and see how it works because while it might not be addicting to fix, if I could just charge
