======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 use to play the guitar. It was quite interesting
 Yes there is a wikileak.  That's kind of surprising.  Did you know Eddie Van Halen set house speakers on fire while playing an instrumental onBeat itn
 Wow I did not know that! Wow! One of my all time favorites. Van Halen is actually one of the greatest guitarists
I'm amazed in how he was able to get the guitar on that particular day
 I am too! Wow he's been on fire like a laser beam
 Wow that's mind blowing.  Brian May has a phd in astrophysics
Very impressive! Another cool fact, Hybrid Theory by Linkin Park is the best selling album of the 21st century
 Wow so that all of that is behind him!  I wonder how many concerts they've cancelled like the one Pink Floyd played there back in Pompeii
 That's kind of funny! I don't even like Pink Floy they are more upbeat
 I don't personally like their music.  Is it the same if the other artist is doing what you mentioned
I am not sure. However, Pink Floyd did a concert in The Met which was recorded in all but the last
 That sounds amazing!  How interesting!  I wonder what album covers the most music covers
 That's a good question! I bet the Foo Fighters would cover a lot of music
 They also played a concert in an amphitheater in Croatia in 2002 where 4 people attended
 Amazing that they play in an amphitheater!  Even the kids love concerts
 I agree. Pink Floyd played a concert in Pompeii in the Silurian amphitheater that's still in use
 I love Pink Floy its such a fun concert
I don't know how you would even know since the only music to cover were classical. In  Pink Floyd recorded a live concert at the ancient Roman Amphitheater in Pompeii with no audience
 Wow that would probably take a long time just to make one lol! I am glad that the Romans enjoyed their concerts so much. Some traditions remain even after the tragedies, Surprised
Yes, even today many traditions are still preserved even though modern concert goers cannot view the shows
 I agree. Have you ever been to Rome before? In 1972 Pink Floyd recorded an album with no recorded audience so they could keep their money lol
Yes, I have been to Rome.  Have you ever gone to Pink Floyd on YouTube before
 Nope but I want to see it. Did you ever play a video-streaming acopy of the exorcist? Well I know YouTube isn't the same as a radio station but I do like it
 Yes I am a big video streaming person.  Did you know Google has it now with Bing Crosby?  I do think YouTube is the same
 Yeah they own both of those services! What do you think about people dressing up like Jesus? I did not know that YouTube had a video-streaming service
 I think it is so cool that people can get dressing up like Jesus.  YouTube had it.  You are an active member of society in any way
 I wonder how many times it was playe Curious to dive deeper
Yes, and what do  about the content they display
 LOL right!  Youtube and YouTube make up half of the peak internet traffic in North America
I guess both are used for entertainment, so do you use YouTube more then you watch TV
 Yes I love YouTube.  Did you ever watch Pokemon
 I used to watch it. You
Yes.  It was a lot of fun!  There are actually over 750 episodes of Pokemon which is about 50 a year for 16 years straight! That's crazy
 That is a lot! I am not surprised it has been around for that long. I watch it when I go to the gym while exercising
 lol  yes.  That sounds interesting
 It used to be the one where you made fun of the injustices that people committed over there
 That is funny is has been around a long time.  I have to run today but I was just doing my workout.  I am not tired
 I used to watch baseball a lot. It is a lot of fun
 Did you know the longest game went on for 11 hours?! That doesn't seem right to watch a game that long
 No I thought they were playing in an amphitheater. That would be cool and a lot of blood shed in that time. That would be like a silent film like the movie
Yes definitely, it's like a show that would take the viewer out of the mind of the movie that was playing
There was a baseball game also called Kickball here, really cool
Yes, a lot of fun, with baseball for people to see in person!  Have you watched any good movies
 I love Pirates of the Caribbean. Have you seen any good one? It sounds really goo Curious to dive deeper
Yes, my favorite movie is The Great Goon.  I love that
