======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 bookstore for a class project, shes a model
Nice! What's with all those stars in the news and ppl always making news from the news? That's the thing with people doing news
Yeah, they do it for fun when the news breaks a new super quick topic is breaking something..
 That's great!  Nice chatting
 What do you think about the moon
It's interesting how it reflects the seasons. The first moonwalk was done in 1955 by bieber reggie millstone. I guess he was a little ahead of his time
Wow, yeah it has been around long enough to be around as much as we have.  I guess people in the 1960s did an homage to eddie van halen recording their 1967 hit, song, bloo so they got the recording rights
 I wouldn't have thought so in the first place. It's insane to think how many popular albums Van Halen has made. But the best is that with his use of low-end recording studios he transformed it into modern music. That's amazing. Not everyone is as inventive as he came up with
 Yeah I think that's some creative thinking.  And yes in the first place.  But then he's also used some modern synths in his songs like the fender stratocaster guitar that Gibson has discontinued
 The stratocaster is a guitar that was intended for country music at one time
 It's interesting to think about.  I guess with modern music we have everything from Taylor Swift to Linkin Park
Yeah, exactly. Taylor Swift isn't country. She's pop! So I guess if there were money involved in country she would sell more of her albums. That doesn't seem right
 Yeah but maybe rock musicians are too reliant on their musical instruments.  I wouldn't want to work for the poor
Yeah, it's not right for them. In fact a new book that you can buy is called,Queen by the dozen
That's a good book.  What's even better is that the owner has his own stage name -- it's Bryce, right
 Yeah that's an awful name. On The Big Bang Theory you have to choose from David Attenborough or George Lucas
Yeah, that'd not be fair.  They could just name their child after one of their favourite bands.  My fav would be The Beatles
 Oh right! Did you see the movie from the inside? There's only one of those. I like going to the concerts though
Yeah I did see the movie.  That's probably my least favourite.  Speaking of that I also like to go to concerts.  A Hanson song became a most requested song on a Chicago alt-rock radio station because DJs didn't reveal the band
That's crazy, I wonder if one of the DJs had to sign a killer contract like the Hanson artists do
I'm not familiar with that station, but apparently they had to post it.  That's a pretty interesting rule, kind of surprising considering the artists are often much older
 That is interesting! I wonder who came up with it. Were you a fan of Pink Floyd
I used to like Floyd, but I had no way to check out theirDark Side of the Moonstill a best seller today.  I don't think it's as good or as good a conductor as some of the newer stuff.  What do you think
 I think the best bet is some re-imaginings of The Dark Side of the Moon. Personally I've never even heard of that one
Interesting!  Are you more familiar with The Wall or the East Coast?  East coast is my favorite.  Well this has been a really interesting chat
Oh, yeah, the west coast. If all the artists are from the east coast, whoa! Who is your favorite group 
I really liked Bono. I've never heard of the three best selling albums of 2014 but I do think them, Sadie, and Luke Bryan, are the ones with the best selling albums of the 21st century
I still listen to some old school stuff, but I don't need to buy a new album a day. Do you have a favorite song 
It's actually theBeat it Free spirit. Even though I still do listen to some old school stuff. LikeThe Other One. You? I guess it
I think it's pretty goo as far as entertainment goes.  Also, I'm from East Coast Ohio so I've never heard a song from them
Oh, yeah, exactly what you are talking about. The East Coast is an area that is very pretty and offers a lot for concerts. I always liked Linkin Park. I wonder if they were good because they actually played 324 concerts in 2001 alone (that's insane!)
It's pretty wild, I thought I had watched the Fall Out Boy but it was over a hundred.  I guess the band played a lot of shows in 2002 that's an insane amount of shows
Oh yeah, I
