======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 put in the air in the Simpsons
I didn't even know they had an episode of the Simpsons. I do know that it's the only one in which Bart does not appear
Haha, ok. That makes more sense. Like who is that character anyway? I don't know who is laughing at it because they don't understand the humor
Haha, right! I never thought about that the name, except maybe I'd have to use that name. How about Pokemon, ever watch the show
I tried to watch Pokemon from time to time, but I have not watched it for a while. I think there is a lot of fans who like to watch it
Yeah, do you have a favorite episode? I actually like the first eight and even the first eight were my favorite as a ki not as much as I like now. It's crazy the Pokemon game has over 750 episodes, that's a whole team
I really dont have a favorite episode, but I like the classics. When Pokemon start catching on it'll do well in the long run then
Yeah, it's a popular game that's been around since the 70's. Pokemon have been on since the 90's. I've played them all, but I'm still a little fuzzy seeing all of them going away in just a few years. So I don't know if I will get to play some Pokemon when there are kids running out of control
The Pokemon craze started when Ronald Reagan was elected president! That was funny
He was the voice for the reptar wagon, that was his act
Speaking of which I had fun talking to you, have a good night. Good night
 Good Night
 you too
 Bye
 Do you like television
 I love watching tv. I like to watch the Simpsons. you
 I like to watch Game of Thrones. There is an episode in which Bart does not appear
I wonder if anyone from Game of Thrones ever listens to that episode, I remember when I did lol
 Homer was the worst! I just can never remember him. He did not even get promoted for that part. Well I have to go
 I forgot he was bad. He was in The Simpsons. Maybe he got mad at the episode with the hamburger
 There was like so many great things in that episode. I am not sure if it was really great. I dont remember them talking about the hamburger with Bart
 He must have had a great time chatting with people. Bart is always there for a good reason. LOL Do you watch much tv
 Yes I watch movies. How about you
 I used to watch a fair share. I love cartoons like rerun. You
 I can remember reruns from 50 years ago. I remember when South Park made fun of Family Guy and the Simpsons crew sent them flowers
 That is a good one. I heard it made the simpsons like 50% more well known in recent memory.
 How was the Simpsons made fun of for 50% 
It was just a little of the simpsons and not a much more serious one
I wonder how accurate that was, even the bart was absent. The simpsons made some fun of Family Guy but not The Simpsons
 That's a good point. Are there a lot of episodes of the Simpsons aside from Pet Semataries
Yes there are, but they have all 750 episodes so there is still a ton of episodes to tell
 I have always felt some episode it is the final one. I have been watching Pokemon and that is the most popular
Yes, but I love playing it as far back as Im understanding
 I used to try to catch the game but that was about all. Now I have to watch older games. Did you see the episodes of Pokemon? I think those are still popular
 No I never watched Pokemon. My kids have
Well, they have over 750 episodes. Can you believe that in the first 400 episodes, those pokemon episodes would not have caught on because their viewers are older
 What? Why? It's because the original viewer was really young then
 The kids watching Pokemon probably grew up using their father for entertainment. Pokemon was very popular in the U.S. but also a kids cartoon
 That's a fair point. I'm surprised that it's still the most popular
 I was surprised by it also. Have you ever played pokemon
 I did at one point. It's not quite on the list of my favorites. I did watch with my kids
 I watched the beginning part of the season at my son's party. My dad has been getting married one day
 I think he married another before that. I didn't watch all of the episodes but some. I love the old pokemon episodes
I see, well if you only watched the original 70s show, that seems like a nice show
I think I may watch some Pokemon episodes, that is probably how I get my morning coffee. I am not a fan of the new shows too much
 Have you tried the marmalade bar
No, I haven't
