======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 she is.
Oh god, yes, I am, now what? A very young woman.
No, really, I've met her, now.  Just like mine.
I love her, yeah.
Just like that.
Oh, man!
I guess you're right...
Yeah?
I guess I do.
I feel different then.
Yeah, you do have that sort of personality.
Yeah? My mother doesn't know where he goes, she just trusts me.
Well, you're the sweetest girl! That's why you went out with that bitch last night.
Well, goodnight...
Heaven, I know.  My god, I thought I could kill him?
Oh, that's... it's like one word. It just kills me to know.
Do you remember the old man?  He's gone back to that old house with one of his old man's?
Well, what it really is, is something that's got a little more to do with life, than I like. Anyway, I'm gonna have to give this one a chance.
Well, I'm a writer, a... I don't know, a good writer.
I don't know. You have a thing about things that don't give you room to grow, too.  I'm a big fat red-headed.
Well, I guess you've gotten better, huh?
I was a drunk. So let's face the truth. It doesn't matter. The girl, in my opinion, you should try getting her into something. You know, something nice.
You're a drunk.
What?
Well, that doesn't matter.
Heard that?
Heard that.
Heard that?
I don't know, I just remember all my stuff.
I know how that goes. You and your sister went out for dinner last night.
You're...
I don't know.
What did you have to do to make up to your sister? That girl doesn't know it. You're the girl's girlfriend. You know that.
I know -- she loves to listen to music and know how to get around well -- so I've been working a lot of people. My sister can't even think, the day after she saw the camera, she got so mad in the shower --  That's why I've been asking permission to stop playing this thing.
Hey, I'm gonna start a job, what do you want with it?
I mean, I have to go to the dentist -- she's always saying you should take a couple trips, too big a size, too much sex -- to work. I want out of here next week... I want to look after Dad for a week.  I'll pick me up at a hotel -- and stay where I want.
Well -- what's your deal?
I'm a writer.
Really?
He loves to sleep --
I'm sorry.
I'll go to the doctor -- she can't figure me out until I can figure out who else would see her if he told you he was dead for the first time --
It was...
I remember things...
It must have been horrible.
No!
The doctor said you must have been the one who was killed, not me.  The guy didn't say the last words... It must have been terrible... Every time I remember I think you look at me like I'm not even real, and I don't know how to respond -- or really how to respond -- when you have to ask for help -- after you've spent all four years trying to figure me out... I feel like I haven't been around enough to recognize exactly what you're asking for.
What?
I don't understand.
He went around asking questions -- asking questions for me -- all the time.  You got two people who have never heard from me, then all of a sudden you ask to come here and talk to me or something? Why haven't we answered each other's questions?
What?
Yeah, but you don't ask to see me --
Yes.
Are you the guy who came to the phone shop at that house?
Well, yes, but he was going to wait at the phone shop, and he didn't --
No. I got my hair done after his death.
So you didn't get your hair done at the phone shop at that house?
Yes.
Did he have the gun?
He did.
Did he say you could go with him?
I mean -- if he said anything about killing the girl -- I think he had the gun.
You think he killed her?
The guy was in her room.
What was that?
Who?
That's right.
Don't look at me -- you're just a writer.
I'm gonna need some sleep tonight.
We're on
