======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 are a little sad a man in france impersonated a local authority and sold the eiffer tower, it would be worth a lot of money 
Wow thats great! I just read that in the 90's a lightning conductor was used to cause the comm down in japan, that is cool
Its got to be some sort of prank or joke, lol so much money still havent helped the lifes of people in the last few years. its been great chatting with you
Oh yeah that's what I was thinking too! Hey great talking with you as well, have a great day
Hello there, do you listen to the news in Latin on the radio
Hi! No not really, do you
Not often, but I know of the radio dramas that are played in Latin public radio stations in the past. I hear that there are thousands of them
Oh wow that's interesting, and what about the latin news in Latin is is is broadcast in Finland
Yeah it is spread all over the worl and I think most people here either find it difficult to understand or arent aware of it, what do you think of that
I think it is a bit of both when it comes to understanding Latin.  They still make a lot of money by the average of the current sports leagues in the US.  In fact, the pro athletes usually get paid much more than the average players
Wow that is so true, did you ever hear about that deal that the government of Norway gave at the end of WWII
Yeah, I actually recently read that, I wonder why they gave all that money, did you know that in the USA football team has only gone on to win the super bowl once
 I wonder how the team found out as having low winning seasons
Yeah, that they haven't been able to repeat those teams since the 1960s. I guess the government of Norway also gave billions for the creation of that iconic high performance football stadium right next to the US Capitol
Wow that is really good. Do you listen to the radio much, I have heard that the radio waves from Jupiter can be picked up by AM radio 
Yeah I wonder if I could pick up crazy things. I usually dont plan on using the radio. I mostly listen to podcasts and audio books on the way tot he car ride, my wife loves to listen to the oldies
I never knew that, I wonder if you are able to listen to the storms on Jupiter though
Yeah I am not sure if that would translate well to Canadian law, I would think the storms would be better suited for that. I wonder how long it took for the radio to play though, there is a law that requires 40% of the music played to be Canadian
I think it was around 60 min, I think Canada needs to implement a law like that, thats a long time to make a law for sure
I would think so, they would need to put that up and have someone play it. If they had a law like that back in 1895 for decades, probably how those players have become great
That would be a great law, and yes that would change the game so much, they would need to put a law like that in place for future legislation
Yeah that would do that and I hope they dont have to do it anymore as their music wouldn't be that great anyways, they need to put it in place of that
 Yeah for sure. I wonder what it would sound like for the radio to play back in those days
I wonder that as well, well know you can listen to the signals from storms on jupiter though
Hello! Yes thanks,  what about you
yes,  I like all music,  so you know I just learned you can hear storms there on jupiter!  That is wild
Wow! It's so awesome, though I didn't know that. I bet it'd be really interesting to hear Jupiter on the AM radio though
It would beinteresting lol  There are many radios soldiers made using razorblades and pencils.  They were called foxhole radios
Wow, I didn't know that. Do you listen to the radio much
 Oh yeah its kinda wild because I only listen for text!  I listen to the radio in my car though lol its been good chatting with you
Yeah, it's been really good. Have a good night
Hi, how are you? Do you listen to the radio? It's interesting that we can get signals from radio waves through electromagnetic energy waves, they are stronger than sound in an am radio
 I love listening to the radio haha. I use an am radio when I drive but also when driving or go on websites. Do you have a favorite genre
 I like all genres. I heard Hanson had the most requested but I think I've heard the same songs all the time
 I was not aware of that. I have to listen to that list to make the recommendation. I have not been to a lot of concerts though in years. I also have been to small
