======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 enjoyed. I never knew that one. I also never knew that a Canadian basketball team is the highest paid state employees in 39 states
 I saw that. How much do state employees actually earn in the state
 I believe it was in between 40 and 50 dollars per year. I think most states are much more competitive
 Do you know basketball uniforms are super valuable in the game
 No I don't. Why
 Well they can be worn by the players. In 39 out of 50 states the highest paid employees are college and the highest paid public official is a football or basketball coach
 Wow!! Those salaries must be astronomical. In 39 out of 50 states the highest paid employee is a college or college coach
 I bet they do out of great salaries though. Have you heard of Allen Iverson
 I have heard of him too. I think I hear that he has been pretty popular since he was drafted in 2004
 So he is a pretty cool guy with an endorsement contract with Reebok
 Yes he has. Apparently his first contract is that he gets $000 a year until he is 55 which then after that he gets $000
Interesting! Did you know that the inventor of basketball was a losing coach at his university
Yeah, but the guy has that team! He must have been very smart then. I wonder if his losing teams were able to beat him,
Well...what about the NBA? Is it just one college? Are the colleges, universities and leagues similar things
I believe it is college, but I have not heard of this new league. Is it the Air Jordans
 Probably not. I think it is about the NBA. Nike seems to be happy to go after the players without regard to their rights
 Do you follow basketball
 i have a passing interest. do you like it
 I follow it in college. Do you know who Reggie Miller is
 he was a great player. he was also the 5 inch tall guy but his sister was always better than him
 Did his sister ever play basketball with the New Zealand basketball team
she did, but i don't know much about them. is she an athlete
 Yes. She was a great player. She broke 8 national records once
 i am with Tim Duncan. he stayed in college for four years. because then he could end up being a doctor
 I know Duncan but what about the Air Jordans?  Have you heard of Nike Air Jordans
I have heard of them. Air Jordans are so popular in the NBA, some of the biggest companies in the world pay to endorse the players
 i guess. good for them. they have made a lot of money
 Did you know that Air Jordans were created by richard goverment for the poor
 how ironic! they are such expensive shoes
Yes, they certainly are. They are very expensive to make but Nike paid a large fine because of that
 that is a big mistake. did it create a problem or did it go downhill
I think it changed a lot of Nike's revenue. Tim Duncan of course ended up having an NBA team in San Antonio, but he is the man
 he di so very different environment. great coach to bring jobs back to the town
Absolutely. I am a huge fan of basketball, but I tend to keep up with the times. I heard that granny style is the supreme technique to be able to hit the three pointer
 what is the nickname for it
 It is called the Golden State. They really dominated the league for a while
yes, it has been good. they must be good at the free throw line
 I wonder if there was a game that came before New Zealand time. They had the most championships since the 60's so that makes sense
 it is crazy how far the league has come from where it was before. they are in third place
 They are the NBA's second largest professional basketball market. I am surprised that the coach got even 9 minutes of TV time
 maybe it is him and the team that plays him. he shouldnt be up there doing commercials while the game is on tv. he is trying to get people into the game
 I bet the commercials help him reach people. Did you know that Air Jordan's were banned from the NBA because Jordan wore them anyways because Nike gladly paid the fines
 thats great marketing. the brand is worth a lot of money so maybe they just wanted to show adorny while the players might not have adorny
Yeah, but Nike might have something against them as some of the players get rich quick. Anyway, great chat
 they probably do. Good talking to you as well
The NBA has become a pretty popular sport, with many NBA teams having 32 teams in total
 I actually didn't know Reggie Miller was one of them. He was a big player for the Cleveland
 It is amazing that he would have been a hall of famer still playing pro ball. That's amazing
 It was good talking to you as well. I'm going to have to get going. Take care
