======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 interesting and pretty funny. Do you watch the show The Simpsons
I like that show. I like all the characters, but the main one, Bart is weird. The ones seen much are very crazy
 That's what I've realized as well. They're funny. It's been good talking to you
 You to have a nice weekend
 Thank you! You too
 Do you like dogs
 I do!  I have one.  I only have 2 right now.  Did you know that there are 12 different dog blood types.  
No, I didn't know that! I wonder how they do it
 The same one I guess.  I think my dog is blood thinner right now too for blood drives.  I don't have any blood on the machine though so I don't know what I will do
Well I've got to go, nice chatting with you
Hello, do you like jazz
I do, actually I don't know much about it
 How about you?  Do you have a favorite instrument or group
Yes, I like jazz. My favorite is the piano
 Did you know the trumpeters used a little wild baby to reheat the music
They were crazy haha. Did you know the top three richest presidents in history were JFK, Washington, and Jefferson
 Wow! I wonder how they figure in the list of wealth
 Maybe they had wild baby to propitiate discussions about wealth
 That's a good theory. Do you listen to radio during the day
I do, interesting fact about Jupiter's radio storms
 What are Jupiter radio storms? Interesting. I wonder what it sounds like
 It would be similar to the static frequency that causes a disease in humans
 I didn't know that. So Jupiter radio storms can be heard by an AM radio
 Yes they can.  They can be very strong sounds.  Some radios play lots of music like Jupitors music during the day
They play a lot of static sounds too, so I can only imagine. I wonder who listens to that? I heard that on a radio show. Some of them are in the news
 I have not heard the news.  Its a must for that too.  Its interesting that radios can pick up radio storms from jupiter
 I heard about that on a night out that I was doing and someone said it was interesting. I've never used a radio before. Have you
No not really, Im pretty good with just regular radio now.  Im addicted to the radio, its not as good as an A.M. radio
 I agree with you. Do you listen to canadian radio
When I was in canada I live in another country and they are required to play 40% canadian music
 Well the finnish do too. But I guess they have to promote local and national talent
Im not sure about that, i guess we dont have to much respect for local talent
 I agree with that. I think it's good that people are exposed to outside sounds. I feel like we have lost the ability to think in general by now 1900's standards
I agree, you don't have much respect for actual people but if you take the whole world as a whole you are a little less educated and maybe just as educated in a particular area
 Yeah I agree. I didn't know there was only one canadian prime in Canada
I didnt know that either, Canada has two major sports. lacrosse and ice hockey
Ice hockey, that is a national sport that many of these countries want to bring here. Although I've never personally seen lacrosse in ice
 I never heard of ice hockey. Have you ever lived in another country
 I have in the Czech Republic. It's crazy that Canada doesn't have any other sports than hockey
It is crazy, its a sport that a lot of countries want to ban because they would be more susceptible to injury from hockey more than any other sport. It really would seem like a strange country to visit to learn more about
 Its hard to understand how it could be dangerous in the middle of winter if you dont have winter protection
 I agree. Do you ever watch concerts
Yes, I like live concerts, but like concerts, I do not go to live concerts
I feel like when I go to a lot of them, I like to relax. I can hear the sun mostly dancing on top of Mt. Everest, sounds so relaxing
Yup, I heard someone lament about that person not being able to afford a pair of Air Jordan. How strange
 It must be nice to be able to afford it. Did you hear who Creed's singer went on to sue them
 That would be bad for him. I would get wind of it too. I love Air Jordan. Especially the line for Halloween Lace
LOL, I wonder how much they had to lose financially, there are a lot of shoes like this one
 Yes. It could be a good way to get more fashionable and less expensive. They also sell polos like the
