======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 here it's cold. But I guess it'll do anything for mangers and ppl fishing.
Oh wow, sounds very interesting! I would love to fish every year.
marathon year is the best way to put it
People always say,Marathon year is the best year to be a fish. Well, thanks for the suggestion.I look for something more than a shallow-water fish to have a meal over the holidays.
No, the ocean is a special place. A life-sized swimming pool. And I haven't even mentioned the inside joke?
What's the inside joke?
The cold! Well, no worries - I've seen crabs in the outside which apparently aren't meant to be carried in a container, because they float down a special fishbowl.
hahahaha, that's funny! I saw that in the Maryland Oceanic! region of America, some of the deepest water on Earth! Where is that?
Deep in San Mateo. California. Where is it?
San Francisco.
wow, that's very interesting! I have visited that place before. Where did you go?
I've been to Berkeley, York and Montreal. Where have you been?
I've been to Helsinki, Kyoto, and Montreal. Where has you been?
I've been to Hawaii. and Vancouver. Never been to Hawaii.
Oh cool! What's happened there?
I traveled a lot to check out Xcelsior. Where is that base?
San Mateo to me has the mountains and the ocean far away, but I've also visited Hawaii. It's a whole island.
Oh cool! Where is Hawaii?
I'm thinking about starting a new project! I love Hawaii.
what's the project name?
Get well know this coming Saturday. See you then!
Thank you, you're very well. I'm also going to Hawaii!
Oh, so you are already planning your trip!
Hi!
Hello!
What was the most difficult thing you experienced this past year?
I actually just had a really tough time with getting the hang of breathing with so much. I also got snippy with my partner of a close friend. But, we overcame! 🙂
Yes! We mentioned earlier that we were going to visit some friends in San Mateo. Can't wait!!!
I'm a San Mateoian and I'm from the neighboring US states. We should call and ask if you are a fan of Hawaii.
I love Hawaii. I also like Hawaii. What state is it in?
I'm not really a fan of it... but I'm willing to try the sweet ice cream!
Okay, any plans for the weekend?
Not yet. I wanted to build a kraft from all the pastries I caught during my last winter in Hawaii.
nice! I'll check them out!
Hi!
Hello, how are you doing!
I'm great, thanks. I'm getting ready for a skydiving lesson.
ooh, nice. That sounds fun. I will be happy to learn anything in the world
Awesome! Is your group called that, you mean especially deep sea fishing?
Yes. I've been doing deep sea fishing for a few years. From personal experience I think that's very interesting. How do you want to fish?
Honestly I like to be fish but I'm not really a fish person. I would much prefer the pet fish. For that to be more honest I'd say be turtles and scorpions.
Oh my go trip! What is your plan for the weekend?
I'm pretty far in the plans so I'm going to chill on my home planet.
Oh wow, you are very thoughtful with your plans. I wish I would shoot my own chicken 😉
chicken oftenahan sounds like a place to hang out with friends you wouldn't see in real life though, I think my hangout would be in India
Where would you live if you could?
I think Vegas. My family is from there.
Wow, I would love to visit India someday. What would you do there be friend or relative?
I would love to visit their island first
Hi!
Hello
How's it going?
I'm great, thanks. I just spent the whole day chatting with you
Great! How are you?
I'm doing well. How are you doing today?
Glad to hear you're better. I'm at work. What are you up to?
I'm flying my kite today actually. How are you doing?
I'm doing great! How are you?
I'm taking a break from work. I work from home.
Oh really? What island?
I live in the US. It's hard to work from home. I feel like I get bored with friends.
I'm thinking about pursuing this cause :D
Haha, see where I came from? I work
