======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 of  the game was like a giant dry cleaning.
I'm not sure, but when was it
 in 1975 the space shuttle's computer ran on 1mb of ram. seems like a very small amount
 That's very small indeed for a large computer. Did you know that Bill Nye is a scientist
 Yeah he is a nerd I guess. In 1995 he won a Steve Martin lookalike contest
 I know right.  That was great.  He shows no sign of wearing a suit. I guess it works in science
I think I'd rather talk about ice storms, they can be detected using radio waves than are emitted by people
 That could be a good thing.  I think we should make it a national thing in Finland
Yeah I think we should. There was so much drama surrounding them back in the day, there was a guy named George R.R. Martin who was a star quarterback at one point as well
 Do you still listen to the radio
Of course. I think radio is a great form of media, but I am not a fan of the news and sports in general.  How about you
 I've heard some radio shows but I am on the internet and only listen to that if I am in the station and need to listen
I would like to be able to catch the storm Jupiter on am, those are so loud
 Yes but I just can not have that station.  I guess they are required to play 40% Canadian music though
I know, right? There is a website with free radio dramas, I wonder what people listen to. I don't know if there are any free radio shows online, it might be a different way of listening
Yes free in my area.  I am surprised that radio carries sound in an antenna of the diaphram and converts that into electrical spike amplitude, and that translates to soun over soun
That sounds pretty cool. I wonder what frequency you can get your foxhole radio out of for, that would be pretty neat
 That would be pretty cool.  I am hoping that my foxhole radio would help with the constant replenishing of radio stations in the area. Maybe there would be some sort of radio law in Canada that requires it
Yes I would like to hear the law there, I always wondered about it, I don't know what they have in place for civilian radio
 Yes it is very interesting.  I am curious.  Apparently only 7% of listeners are actually listening.  Do you think people are listening to the music in their homes or perhaps in podcasts
Well mostly it is just people with social media connections, maybe some sports podcasts? I have seen some sports podcasts on social media, but I usually do not read any legislation or regulation or news
 Not very many but most people think they are listening to podcasts
 There are many type of podcasts to be honest with you. Many like to engage directly with the players with a few jokes or jokes about teams or players such as the author of game of thrones author hubbard
 I think you are a great writer.  Thank you for your services to the writing and sharing the wisdom
 It does sound like you have been on the sports scene an interesting and stimulating career
 Yeah nice chatting with you
 Good night and thank you
 Bye
 Hey there what do you think about Trump? The President of Indonesia and his pop albums? Have a listen to them
Hi,  I think he is a very presidential president and probably has a lot of good albums.  Did you know in Guatemala, if you are in anaglypsia you cannot run for president? lol
haha I wonder if we should have a rule about runner up in elections , do you think that would be funny
 I dont think we should run for president.  That would be funny!.  Trump has a net worth of more than Trump is worth in the country
no I didn't know that, did you know that only 2 presidents who were elected while losing the popular vote were U.S. presidents and none were also republicans
 That is pretty cool.  Up until  the runner up in a presidential election became the VP.  
wow thats interesting, do you think that would happen in this case in Indonesia? The vice president, a popular vote and VP / VP / VP etc..
 Yes I would love that.  They would have to get super involved for a lot of things like the VP
 Right! Do you listen to much music or have to listen a lot
 I love music.  Did you know the president of Indonesia has released 3 albums while in office
I had no idea! I listen to music, I listen to social media for tips on how to get the most out of our society. What about you
Yeah,  Did you know the u.s. president's guest house is bigger than the actual white house
 I never knew that! I wonder if that is a very important fact for the presidents. What type of music does the
