======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 not a good guy. I didn't remember back then.
 I also didn't understand so much about why people do things, what is the reason people act so crazy now
It was because I always had my parents' permission before getting into a car
 That is a common misconception. That is incorrect for me and many people, in fact that the car is a brand new one so that would never change
No, I know as well. My parents are very protective of us! They are afraid we wouldn't get it when we are younger
Yes they are! We would be more comfortable if we were older! I would never have thought. It will get less awkward
I think it's a very good thing, you should be older than that! I was lucky, as they never said the car was brand new
 It is one of the oldest cars on the market, I think it gets more old that it is still available. This is a brand new one though not the old, I only saw the original ones for the first time, they are worth the cost
I was lucky, but I guess a big part of the selling price is the price which many cars make are cheaper. The old cars are hard to sell, most of them being cars for sale and that is where I get my daily commute
 It really was
 Yeah I guess I would agree and that was a huge amount of income in the area. In fact I agree that it was a lot of money for those cars. It was good to hear there have only been 1.2 million cars from 2000 to 2005
 It's really cool that there are 4.7 million cars in the area
Yes, that is a lot of cars. The road to the car is fast
It is so fast the cars can go much faster thanks to the fact there are so many vehicles in the market today
 Yes, that is crazy! The traffic in the area around here is really fast. I will be able to get some cheap cars for them when I get the time
Yes, it can make a big difference. It is a good place to work or anything
Oh is it? The people here love the sun and its rays and we do get most from the sun when we are driving it up
 Yes! I like all the suns. I remember my days as a mechanic from a small company by accident
 Yeah. I could pick up a single penny, that's not a lot. I would have gone into the sun as a mechanic or one of those other engines and then take the jack off and put it up on a rock by a rail from the moon to the moon
 Oh, well if you live in these places, you would be surprised
 It's nice! The sun did emit much heat in the area
 Yeah, and I had to run a few miles so I never had to see, not knowing. lol. No idea how hot the sun is going to be
 That is pretty cool, it's kind of a secret fact that the sun's rays are so bright that they can go up to the stars
They are light enough for this to come down in a hot state, and the solar system and the sun are so close to the sun don't get as close to the sun
No I am not, that is awesome that the solar system is so hot
Wow! What, just to be cool and I would love to go on
 You like sun and have all your days, I do not like sun and all those other suns because of how much we are growing them and how much we are adding and that's a lot!
 Wow! I know I have a hard day! I was busy talking with my parents when I found out that the sun is so hot right now
Ahahah. Did you know that the sun is so much hotter than the sun! that must surprise
Yes! You really can go anywhere on your birthday, but not a lot of us
No, that is surprising I wonder how much sun it will bring as well! it is a lot of fun, but do you think the sun is hotter
Yes I do think it is hotter than the sun. If it is as hot as we can get for it. I have been that way for over 3.5 years. My wife is a fan of the sun. She can make millions because she can find those cars in the sun
 Oh nice. I hope the sun gets hot even hotter. It is really hot though I wonder why the sun is so hot
I did not realize that the sun was so hot! How about you? 
Well, I thought the sun is a good place, that is all I know.  Haha it is so very hot. Did you know then that it is more hot than the sun?
Yes, I have a good reason why it is so hot. My wife likes to play that game in our basement. I guess that has some advantages. Maybe it has advantage that the sun is so hot. 
