======== SAMPLE 1 ========

No.
You want a job, huh?
How does it work?  You don't take your fucking paycheck.
And what's that, boy?
I don't have anything to tell you.
Are you crazy?  That's a fucking job.  That's who those guys are.
What if your boss doesn't give you a raise?  He's never given you a goddamn raise.
How the fuck do you know?  You haven't earned it.
I don't mean your pay.  I mean, the pay's coming sooner or later.
What do you know about it, boy, you don't need two.
Don't give me about my money.  I can make a few bucks.
I can't even afford to buy your goddamn clothes.  It wasn't for me.
The money's coming.  Go on, we gotta show it.  We gotta get it.
What the fuck are you talking about?  What are you, a fucking jackass?  We're still talking about what?  A goddamn job, huh?  What?
Fuckin' A, fuckin' A.  I just don't want an eight-to-fucking-nine-to-five job.
Are they gonna work you guys?  Is that the end of the story?
Fuckin' A, fuckin' A.  I just don't want an eight-to-fucking-nine-to-five job.
They did a lot of things wrong this year.  They should have kicked the shit out of those guys.
I'll try if I have to.
Are they gonna work you guys?
Who is it, boy?
What?
Who is it, boy?
I won't be able to watch you play.
Yeah, and nobody wants to see my face.  That's right, baby:  you're a damn fool.
So, what happens?
I'll tell you something now:  you're not gonna be on your own.  I don't have time to be on my own anymore.  I wanna be in front of everybody.  If I wanted a job like this, I'd have to be in the private sector, where people like me can get a start.
Okay, I'll do a job for you, but there's a big catch when you start.
You got to teach me a lesson, bitch.
I don't know.  Maybe I'm just learning to live with my fuckin' niggas... and you know it.
You gonna pay for this?  That's a promise...
Yeah, if you told me you wanted to move around a bit -- that's okay, you get what you want, though.  What else do I have, huh?
No, I don't do that, you know, I got my own business.  I'm just not the guy to tell you how to do it.
No...  Maybe if you promised me a job like this, I'd teach you some lessons.
Look, I got an idea.
Look at this:
Yeah.
Oh--uh--you think we're gonna get anything?
You want to meet everyone?  It's cool.  I want to meet you.  Maybe we should talk some other'n gab about this.
That's okay.
Oh, I'm so sorry...I always thought they'd have their own special business.  No, that's not it, I'm talkin' to you.  Look, I'm sorry.
Yeah...you're a fuckin' hypocrite.  I know the man.  That's his way of making a buck.  But you want to make a buck yourself. You want to stay in school, go to college, maybe spend the rest of your life working in the Special Needs department.  If you do well, they say you can really grow.  That's the way to do it.
Look at me, you know what?  I got a girlfriend I can't stand.  How can I even be talkin'?  I can't even be talkin', even for my fellow African-Americans.  You know the black people think I'm not black.  That I'm not black.  That I don't even fit the profile of who I am.  That I'm not straight enough.  That I don't fit the profile of who I really am...or what I'm going to do if I don't make it.  But now, I am.  I'm not gonna sit in the sun forever. I don't want to live any longer than I am. I want to live mine.  I wish I could get the money. To sell this goddamn house and go back to Africa like I was a kid and become the greatest Hip-Hop star in the world.  But...I
