======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 I know him as the CEO of Reebok
 That is really interesting! I think Nike is crazy too, he has too many shoes
He's definitely one of the most wealthy of all top athletes, I'd pay to look that on my screen haha, did you hear about the contract Nike signed with the players to raise money for charity
 Yeah that was really smart as well! I remember that video at the beginning of it
It is interesting that the players were also paid a great deal and did so without paying the fines
 Yeah they were on average paid a very high amount for their work
They have great contracts with Nike, their one of the richest athletes was Allen Iverson, he's the most valuable player on the team haha, how much do they make from endorsements and other things
 Yeah good question I guess it is a lot less to do on the court
 I have heard that it is only a $40000000 contract but it is a huge payday
 That's a lot! I would guess that it is a lot more of a deal
Yes, I agree! I wonder if the team will ever see the same players do a lot more like they did in the first place. That was fun chatting with you this afternoon
Hi, How are you? Do you like soccer?  Did you ever watch the game between Canada and the US
I am good to watch it now. It is very exciting as you go into the new year. I don't watch it that often. I wonder if there's a variation of the game where 3 teams face each other in a game, what their average score is, Surprised
 That is a really big version of soccer. Would you like to experience the variation of soccer you see in other countries such as Iceland
I am not a huge fan of Iceland.  There is a variation where there are only 0.1% of the population that actually live near one another.  When things get too chaotic, they call it soccer, Surprised
 I agree! I like to watch it in Iceland too. There was a team called the Norweigan to lose. They have no rule that prevents them from playing there and playing with the other team if there is an opportunity
That is very nice of them to do.  I would have had them play in the first World Cup.  Funny, it's the same referee
 Thats very strange to have a team with that much time to play. I have never played soccer but I've heard good things about it
 I never either.  It seems like a very important sport in some way or another.  In soccer there is a variation of it called association football where 3 teams face each other at the same time.  I wonder if that was also used before the Olympics
 I think it is an even more popular one. I'd like to see the variation of the game in a country where there is 3 teams with 3 players. I think they could play with 3 teams in England and Croatia
That would be nice.  It is like American football to go to the extreme. The variation is played with balls at the end of a field on the field to each team are score or points.  There is no rule to that
 That would be pretty cool
It would be a lot more fun.  The game is so broad in places, it goes back to the beginning of the world cup games, in 1924 that has been so popular for too long
I agree. It's very interesting. It must be very dangerous for the whole team to play a match. Some of the teams that are good in football, like Japan, would actually have a tough time fighting the game. It's not a popular sport in Japan, but it's very interesting to watch
 It is really popular.  Did you see the Olympics
No, that makes more sense. I think it's cool that the world cup was hosted by 250 countries. I guess that gives that extra audience of the Olympics an audience. The game just has so many countries in it, it is hard to keep track
 The world cup is not in the country.  Probably it's easier in the us
I think so and they would think it is just outside. We don't have that in the Olympics, but that would probably get the audience too good. It is not the most popular sport though, we probably have a few more countries
 Maybe.  Maybe it's easier to draw more people to the Olympics.  I heard in a few months there has been a game in Qatar.  I can imagine it being very hot in that city.  I can't imagine that in the United States
 I wonder why the USA has so many countries like Croatia and Greece that have a lot of countries in different areas like the european scene. That's my guess
 A game?  Not a sport it would be a different place in the American world cup.  It's not as warm as Qatar.  It's just one place, it doesn't
