======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 they could do so much for the earth's surface if they were well equipped
I agree, well enough about those scientists who came to these conclusions, they were very brave to tell me of this and I think that even more am i impressed by the findings of our own scientists, so I wonder how they did it though, that's my point of view, Surprised
Hi, how are you
Good!  Are you a big fan of basketball?  Do you like to watch the NBA
Yes, I watch the nba
 My favorite player is Tim Duncan
 He has signed a deal with Under Armour. The players get 800 thousand dollars for a lifetime and they get that
The players do amazing things.  I know that Iverson is also a great player, he has a clause where he has to not only get $800 000 per year until heIs 55
I'm not sure he is a great player. They sure like to be around others. They like to play in the big city. He has gotten so good at charity events they are able to attend concerts and go to the museums
Yeah for charity events you know, there is one in Canada who is on tour and gets $3 million just for going
I did follow that program.  That is a lot of money.  A lot of money.  , Surprised
Yeah, I agree! I know that Iverson is doing a lot of charity events. He is getting a big endorsement from Under Armour. He got so good and he did a charity performance at Reebok. He even got the shoes like 3 million of the money for a foundation that was working so hard
His dad got that charity shoes and donated the $32 million the racking funders had to spend.  I wonder why those shoes are still  made though
I think they are made by him. He is a great player. His name is Jordan, after the NBA. His family is famous and he is good too
I think he was the best player and the most valuable player in the first NBA title, he has the biggest endorsement contract for a shoe company.  He is a great man and his family is just phenomenal.  He would be a big star in my lifetime, I think it's hard to go there for a big contract
That sounds fair. They say that if they were really good they could have been celebrities. He was a very smart man though.  He has one of the best contracts in the league, he could never play the point, he was so young when it came to being great with the nba
That's true. He also has a new deal with Under Armour. Seems like that could help with the price of the shoes, you know he is now set to be a billionaire
Yes for sure!  I also like to shop at Target.  I'm looking forward to it. Do you like the NBA
I love the NBA! I never knew that. I would have liked to have been able to play basketball with Michael Jordan. I know I was excited for the start to the NBA, but when the decision came to retire
 I never saw that decision before or knew why.  But I guess the fact that they have done so many good things makes it that much more of a great accomplishment.  Did you know that the league had one of the highest salary sports stars in the whole game and then Michael Jordan,
I didn't know that. I didn't have any idea how much money that actually is. He was worth more than Michael Jordan, but it was around $90 million. He did an amazing charity game for charity. I'm going to look up on there. Thanks for the chat
 What do you think about the NBA
 I love it! Great games! What do you think about it
I have been, some might say to fall back on the old times on some of the newer players! I like the Golden State Warriors I believe
 What team are you following on this latest news
The Spurs, I think. I also enjoy the Jazz music
 Are you a fan of Kareem Abdul-Jabbar
I dont get it but my favorite Kareem Abdul Jabbar was in some of the best of his time
 I guess that has to do with his style
Did you know the dunk was banned from college basketball for over a decade
No I didnt know that, the only losing coach at U of Kansas
 I'm not surprised by that. I think he was the greatest player ever. He was a legend in his own end
 He was on the team for the dunk shot.  It would be something you could do like Kareem Abdul-Jabbar, Surprised
 Did you know that the nba invented in 1972? How crazy
I actually didnt even know that I never knew that at all, sounds more crazy than real, Surprised
 I'm sure it went on really long
 Did you know the NBA has a rule in place for the Supreme Court
