======== SAMPLE 1 ========
.
Ah, maybe its that time for the all star break. I'll join the festivities later today.
Oh really? Are you going to be at home or a place where you are at?
I don't really get at home decorum, but I do want to get a venue that doesn't flood with floodwaters.
 Wow that's pretty sad. Are you going to be at home or a place where you are at?
Yes. I'm gonna be at work. All work and attend the same place. Do you have any fun plans for the break?
yeah fun stuff. playing soccervs. tennis. having a bit of a break meant that you have reached some kind of age gap
oh that is extreme. What is the purpose of the break?
It is to honor and thanks god for all their years
Wow that's extensive. I havept many things in common, but I'd name most things in Mormonism instead.
Mormonism is really about sharing. You get to visit all these different parts of the world.
Oh wow a lot. I've visited many different parts of the world before. How did you get to this point?
I've always said that I want to visit all these different parts of the world. And yes, I will be able to do that. Is it the end of the world? I imagine starving to death would be very bad.
Haha, very true! Apparently most of these strange creatures lived in the same cave as the earth was made and that water never gave it to them! That's the power of vaporeon!
Buenesso! I will consider that and follow suit.
Hi!
How's your day going?
My day is pretty good. Worked hard until yesterday. Now I stand ready to meet you. Do you have any plans for the weekend?
Yeah, weekend with bull 🙂 Can we sketch this out?
I'm pretty sure. I've been to Australia only a couple of times. Its probably too much to go into details later.
Any plans for the weekend?
yeah, specifics are as follows :P I'm going to the pool :P I like the idea of what that feels like :P I know that it's goodly endowed.
Wow that's pretty impressive. Me too. When did you first realize you wanted to be a swimmer?
I've always thought that it's pretty scary, so I shy away from hitting the water. I only see a fraction of the water that it hurts to be afraid of. I don't care for that sort of stuff much. Probably the worst thing to happen to someone who is trying to be a swimmer.
What's your favorite sport?
I really like badminton. I get to it every year, but I don't play it often.
Haha, I guess I can practice until I find a favorable format. Maybe then I'll try swimming or triathlons.
Me too! I think playing marathons would be fun
Do you have any fun things you do on?
Have a pint of Guinness!
Hi!
Hey, how are you?
I'm good. How are you doing today?
I was working on a peer reviewed paper. Let me set a time and place on the paper. Do you participate?
I don't really remember what paper we were sent about? Do you have any idea?
I'm just getting started on it Understanding the Neural Information Processing Systems Part I
Nice, I'll try! What does the paper say?
It's a research paper arguing for the brain imaging findings. In other words, it's arguing for a brain imaging technology.
Cool! Are you thinking about writing a paper?
No, I'm thinking about becoming a superman! Sounds fancy! Do you have any suggestions for the paper?
The idea is cool, I can upload the paper to a google doc or you can write a paper!
I proceed as usual. Good luck with it!
Thanks!
Cool! Writing a paper is an exciting experience. I had never heard of a scientist helping me run a crosswalk.
Sounds fancy! Never! Have you tried it?
I'm not even sure I know what it's like.
Does it make sense?
The title of the paper should be Surprise Surprise Surprise Surprise! I haven't the pleasure to try it!
Haha, a peer reviewed paper! Very little research value. Just curious.
Hi!
Hey! How are you doing today?
I'm great, thanks. How's your day going?
Pretty good. I'm going to a class later in the afternoon. Do you get to see all the wonders of human imagination?
Sure. See you then!
Hi!
Hello
How's your day going?
It's good! Just went to the park to enjoy the sun. You?
Water is my favorite thing to do.
