======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 lot of controversy
 Maybe so. I used to collect books because they were so good but they were too hard to read
Yeah, I read all my favorites, even The Godfather
 They also have an Oscar nomination. They didn't win it for Best Actor
Yeah, and now all that is considered an oscar. I think it's a long way removed from being a book for sure
I read some of the historical nonfiction that has become pretty popular. Sometimes authors don't really get their day in the sun. One of the things I like to read is the science of planets and their moons, their rotation around the sun. Very exciting
 I read that Venus saves us from getting hit by asteroids so we don't have to worry about landing on it
Yeah, because of the gravitational tidal field, that makes landing on Venus even more difficult because it's cold
That is true, and also because of the fact that Jupiter has an asteroid belt. That would prevent most human activities from getting hit by anything
 I love to read too. Have you heard of Anne Jones
 I have. She is the author of several books including Endgame
That is great! She is such an author. She seems like a good person, even able to discuss with me how to write one of my favorite sentences
 She would need a few more books so I will not work with her. I love her books
 I think it's funny She is the one of the top five most successful voices voices in sci-fi literature
 She really is. She was named after the genus of a small serine family that are called after their genus. They made it into that movie in her honor
I didn't know that about the small serine family, I wonder what it looks like? It is funny to think that an english language has more libraries than McDonald's
Yeah, it's weird how libraries make all these different types of items available to the public. Most of the time the Library is just a place for people and stuff, or for books, to put stuff from home
 Libraries are a great source of ideas. There seems to be a lot of good ways to make things available. I would like to see all those kinds of magazines that can be mailed by mail. I like to read more myself
That would be cool to read more as well, it's such a simple yet complex process
 I love the internet. There is the good old web. It can provide so much information
 It can for a lot of things. Did you know that you can develop addiction to the internet by clicking on the internet
 Interesting I did't. What kind of internet does it provide
 It can provide it's services and it's different in every case
 And it can be addictive! I think I'm addicted to the internet as well
 Have you read Starship Troopers? It is currently in the reading list of three of the five military branches
 I've read it before. It is pretty cool. I read starship troopers. It's a pretty good book
 Did you know Carol burnett was the only non-human to testify before the Senate
Wow, I didn't know that! That's interesting! The Senate has been around since 1903. I think that the gavel had a nice name before that time
Yes, gavel was named after a senator, but it's actually an obscure rule. A lot of senators have been convicted of felonies and have been called the senators. It's a shame the gavel got shortened
 I think its a really interesting history. The first gavel was made using a pencil and was actually shorter than the longest one, Surprised
I never thought of it that way, until I read it...A woman was once the 165th president of Zimbabwe was elected before long that took forever to accomplish, Surprised
Wow, I guess the woman was chosen by the Guatemala pardon office, but was she elected not automatically, Surprised
 Yep a lot of the time they don't actually. The president of Indonesia has released 3 pop albums while in office. His name is President Banana
 I wonder if he was singing those albums lol! Do you know if they are any good
I don't know, a lot of presidents have released in Indonesia. I have no idea who the top 3 are, but I can't say I understand why
I guess they all have a lot of time on their hands lol, you know that the first president of Zimbabwe was called President Banana? That's like the one I guess the first president of Zimbabwe had
 haha I wonder if they were singing the songs while in office? that would be very interesting
 Yeah that would be very. Do you know what the republican party was founded by
I read about it, but the last one I was interested in was FDR. What about you
Oh, I love FDR, what was his last name
His last name is actually a pun onthe President, which is surprising, Surprised
Oh, very surprising. The
