======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 I see. That and the gravy. Gravy helps make it taste better too. But apart from food, Black Friday deals are a catch. Let's see what they have this year
yea. what do you plan to buy?
thinking of getting a fitbit
ah cool. so you can run more frequently?:)
yeah, just keeping calories in check
yay, all the best with keeping calories in check!
Hi!
Hi there 🙂 How's your day so far?
doing well. what are you up to?
busy busy! I've had back-to-back meetings all day
same here. what do you love to do beside meetings? 🙂
well I've gotten really into yoga lately. I went to a class today and it was super hard
aww .. I hope things will get less hard and you become an expert in it! I heard many great things about Yoga
yeah the teacher seems super awesome so I will definitely keep trying what activities do you enjoy?
ah I enjoy playing soccer and tennis 🙂 unfortunately, winter is not the best time for those 🙂
oh that's too bad. Is it hard to find a place to play soccer or tennis indoors?
yea. I enjoy playing outside though, just a little cold 🙂 what else do you do beside Yoga?
I also like to sing, I perform with a group sometimes. Do you like music?
yea definitely! I love singing Karaoke. my wife is a pianist 🙂
haha that's awesome! Karaoke is really fun, I do it with my friends sometimes
awesome. glad to find something in common!
Hi!
hey there
hey anything new?
not too much. just really looking forward to the holidays!
any plans?
yes! I'm going to Mexico and I couldn't be more excited
that's awesome! I never been!
Oh man I would highly recommend it
Are you a food person, a sightseeing person or neither?
that's a great question, and I'm definitely both. this trip will mostly be about food though, and relaxing
I'm a food person I think. Any specific foods you're planning on trying?
there's a taco place that I've visited before that I can't wait to go back to. Do you like tacos?
yeah my favorite is taco fish
ooh that is a good choice. Have you ever made them yourself?
no. only eat them 😀
Hi!
Hey, how are you 🙂
I am good. How are you? ：）
Doing well, lot of work actually. How was your day?
I am busy. A lot of work. What are you working on?
Just reading latest research. There is so much to cover. how about you?
I am working on a new classifier.
ohh, interesting! What kind of classifier
A new classifier for hate speech. Which research topic catches your eyes most?
You're so cool. Making world a better place. I'm mostly into NLP. What do you do when not making classifiers?
Nice! Do you refer to work or anything else?
Anything in general. You're so cool, I want to know more about you 🙂
You are very cool too!!
Hi!
hello there! who are you?
I'm mark. I work in accounting
Nice to meet you Mark, I'm Tom and I work as a fish groomer.
what does a fish groomer do?
well, we take care of people's fish. Make sure they are happy, polish their scales, clean their tanks, the usual stuff.
interesting. what's type of fish do you take care of?
any type of fish! We have clients with guppies, goldfish, even a small sailfish once what do you do in accounting?
I balance the books and do financial analysis for a medium sized company
that sounds like a lot of work. do you like it?
well I actually think about pursuing photography, but it's really hard
photography is awesome, don't be afraid to follow your dreams!
thank you Tom!! I'm starting by trying to sell my pictures online
that's great! I wish you good luck with that
Thanks! Bye
Hi!
Hey there how's it going
All good, you?
Good. I've been trying to learn how to swim
How has that been going?
Not great, but I got really good at sort of swimming on my back haha
that's too bad hopefully with practice it'll get better what about the doggy paddle haha
haha what's that
Corgi belly flop COMPILATION - cute funny dogs Corgi Flop <REDACTED_LINK>
ouch. do you think that hurts?
from a high enough distance, yes?
yeah. any vacation
