======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 Siberia!  I have to get used to it!  Not that I haven't been told of anything!
But why is this going on, Mr. Grant? Aren't you glad that you won't see it?
Yes, you have your very own laboratory, Mr. Grant. I'm the one who studied it. I see no traces of the mold!
Now I see that the mold is not of any doubtful origin.
I didn't do anything, I just watched the specimen.  I see that this object is of some doubtful origin.
Mr. Grant don't tell me you've watched it.
I watched it this morning.
What is it, Dr. Grant?
Yes, I know that it's not.
It appears to be a mold of some kind.  Did you notice anything unusual about it?
Yes.
It's a wonderful specimen.
That's a good first.  A man's life is lived on by his imagination and by his memories -  I have a new idea for you as an artist.  It's a series of stairs in which the young are led to believe that they're walking on the street.
No, Mr. Grant, I don't want you on this project!  I don't want nobody - I want you for my work!
You're not going to turn this into an international scandal?
Of course.  You're one of the first to realize it, Doctor. I'm glad you've chosen to spend so much time here.
You're the last to see my office!
I'd like to see it when I get home. How do you know I'm here?
I don't know about that!
If it's nothing.  But I want a pair of these. And my wife is an art dealer.
You need a match?
Just a minute.
Come on, Bill.  I really got to bed.
Goodnight.
I'm sorry, Bill...
Now you can say all your fears were real! How come you couldn't make a few friends on the New York stage? Tell me, did you ever get mad at anyone, or had you friends murdered by anyone?
No, not that... I mean, I don't mind, you know, like your theory's or my idea's... but, I mean, I'm sorry, Mr. Grant... it's all over, so... I --
The Smithsonian! Is that your favorite place to see it?
I don't know exactly, but I've seen it.
You're a little confused about the Smithsonian. Do you think we're making any friends there?
Well, then don't, Bill. I told you I thought you weren't that much into art, are you?
Oh, I've never seen it before. But it's the only exhibition that I like.
Oh, I love art. There are times when I have to make the time go by so fast that I forget all about anything that's important to me. But, I mean, there are a hundred times as many good abstract artists there as there are art lovers around here. I mean, there's a hundred museums right now dedicated to art, not to a particular area, but to a particular artist. And then, I mean, it's not always easy to get into those museums, sometimes when you're close to the stage, sometimes when, maybe I forgot one of your favorite paintings, but I mean, I know you know that I think maybe you're a little, uh... confused, maybe you're a little bit. Maybe I'm just a little confused, I mean, if you look all over your body, you're not necessarily looking down at your own body and not at a particular part of the artist's mind, you're actually looking at your own.
If I could help it.
Yes.
And thank you, Mr. Frank, for helping me out.
Well, I apologize.  I'm just not very happy.
I can see that some of the work might not be of very good quality without a microscope.
Mr. Frank!
You're right, Bill, the museum really wants to do this.
I don't know, I just think it's too dangerous.
I just hope the artists and scientists and artists of this exhibition aren't too concerned about making sure they look okay in the laboratory.
That's right.
I'm really sorry, Bill, and look, what about this one?
Okay, but it's probably the best thing that ever happened...
You don't need that kind of money!
It's the best thing I got!
I mean, it's just a little place. But if they make it, it'll never end! All I know is... these people are too smart for me. Not for anyone else. And you're never going to tell me what to do!  You know what I mean
