======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 last time we did a double take was when <REDACTED_TERM> was used as a double take, and we ended up going all the way to India :)
Ahh me too! You should definitely try to visit India when I get back
You should, it's a beautiful place.
Hi!
Hey, how are you doing!
I'm great, thanks. I'm getting back from work. How was your day?
I was busy, all day I worked on a new game!
Just kidding. That's all I had for lunch. My group was completely out of the game.
Oh no! What happened?
Apparently Christopher Columbus didn't fight in the Civil War :')
Haha, forget it. Honestly I do not have a choice. All I know are bad trips.
I will tell you how it was going for me in that video game park.
lol this is the first time I heard people are cheering for the new Marvel super-villain!
Wow! This is amazing. I never imagined a scenario like this. Ever heard of it?
I think it's just been a natural progression. I live for the inevitable end-result.
Haha... you're right. The past is not the outcome. Just ask your partner.
Hi!
Hello. Deja Vu.
what does that mean?
It's French for "already seen." I know it's used when you see something for the second time or you have the feeling that something has happened before and you're re-experiencing it.
Interesting. I get that feeling sometimes. It just feels that the event is replaying. Wonder why it happens?
I think it's your mind lapsing somehow.
How do you know so much about this French phrase?
I thought it was common. I hear it a lot in popular culture - movies music etc. Jay Z has a song called Deja Vu, so does Beyonce. So I looked it up one time. It's one of those phrases that was carried over exactly to english like "etcetera" "vice versa" "savior faire" and so on. I like cool word origin facts.
yeah... that's pretty insightful. Never thought of etcetera that way before.
My favourite word origins are gymnasium and jazz.
wdym by word origins here?
First usage and original meaning. Gymnasium meant place of nakedness and had very little to do with working out. Jazz comes from jism which means semen and was originally sporadic sex music now it's elitist, high art.
Very interesting. I learned a lot in this conversation today 🙂
You got any cool facts?
My friend used to tell me this and found it funny - Mosquitos have 47 teeths
That was quite a laughter!!!
Tell me a joke!
Google for that:)
Hi!
Hey, how are you?
Pretty good. I just drank this new hint water. so good
ohh, what kind of "hint" did it have?
watermelon
nice, I love watermelon. But, I prefer normal water over flavored one. Flavored water has too synthetic flavor
I see. Yeah some are pretty strange
Talking about strange flavors, what is the weirdest tasting thing you have tried?
lol I tried this tangerine walnut icecream that was super weird
haha, I work close to a cafe which once prepared a paprika icecream
that sounds pretty tasty actually
It depends on who makes it. The cafe close to me messed it up really bad
do you want to get some of that icecream together some time. show me a good place
As far as my experience with that ice-cream type goes, all I know are bad places
lol
But I do know some gelato places which are amazing! You should try out those
Hi!
Hi there. When did you first realize you wanted to be a pastry chef?
Who said I want to be a pastry chef?... haha
Darn it! I hoped I’d guess right. What do you actually do for work?
I'm actually a cake chef, so not far off! Creepy how good that guess was.... Are you psychic?
I had a strong intuitive feeling connected to pastries when we started chatting, but that might have been because I’m hungry.
haha you're too funny! Perhaps instead of mind-reading powers, you have the ability to feel the auras of foods that have come and gone...
Hahah love it. Do you have a specialty or favourite type of cake?
Chocolate cake + vanilla icing is the all time best! And I have the authority to say that! How about you? Have a favorite?
Ok this is a bit shameful to admit, but I love a classic carrot cake.
No shame in that! Best
