======== SAMPLE 1 ========
,  you want to help me?
I love you, Paul.
Well, you just know it's time for us to move on.  You know what's going to happen? In the next two years, we're going to start over again.
When you grow up, I'm going to die. You're going to kill me.
Oh really? What kind of things can I do to make the things I believe in last change easier to handle. I wonder how long it will take to get back up again? 
It's not like it's hard -- I'm good and everything -- I just wish I could be like everyone else -- I wish I could believe in the things I believe in.
But you still talk bad, and the things you said to her didn't help. You talk bad and it's hard to say no thanks to the people who hear what I say.
You still haven't said anything to her, have you?
Do you ever think of making a movie about me?
How would you like to have me around for the next two years?
What I do for you?
You know, there's something in them, man -- I'm not a dork, I just follow what I think, anyway. They're all pretty much the same across all these different strokes, except one person -- your ex- girlfriend, of course -- she had this thing about you, and your price. And she was always jealous of Lebowski, so he never knew how jealous she was of me -- now she just hates him!
Look at me, you can't keep this up --
I'm not mad at you.
I'd say the thing about him is you always have to be mad at someone, but I can imagine -- I always think of you and everything --  -- then you have to make excuses, okay?
You're going to die.
I know you're not always as happy as you'd like to think... I wish you would leave me alone, I really do.
You'll miss the party, won't you?
Hey, I'm not going to the party.
You should go home --
Maybe we should bring a friend.
What did you do to Lebowski?
Oh, that's fine. He was my favorite, I used to love the piano, but no, I've been through worse; I guess it's not the same guy anymore.
Oh, Paulie, that'd be a terrible inconvenience.
You should go sing with him --  -- the thing about it is, I really like the guy.
Is everything OK? You don't really eat. I'm hungry.
I'll take one of those tequila bites, too.
I know, I know -- just give it to your father and go home.
You can see me, all right?
What about your leg?  I'm going to get bigger and do things with it, and... well, I'm sick of doing tricks with my leg and taking it out for myself.
Do you trust me, Paulie?
I don't know, I just think it'd be great if you could say, "Hi, I'm this guy you're going to meet at the airport."
What do you mean? You wouldn't let me meet you at the airport?
Sure I can. I met him at school -- and he was such a good teacher.  And now I really like you too. And now I want you to meet me and I don't wanna be like everybody else.
Okay.
Yeah?
Oh, Paulie, I just think I'd be a better father.
He's not my father.
What about me?  I mean, I'm no father of any kind, but I respect him a great deal. I respect how good he is and what his principles are --
I understand... I understand perfectly.
Of course, I'm sorry.
Paulie, please, I've got a whole world to look forward to. I wonder if I could come visit and... do you understand?
I'm sorry they didn't want you to come, but they will find a way. This whole thing...
Why should I? I don't want to leave a score for anyone, let alone talk to anybody.
You mean, we could go to the airport.
I think it's much more appropriate that you come here... with me. I think it's much more considerate of you to sit here with me and listen and... look at it from some angle. What is that, an "I"? I mean, you know... if I can't be, you know, "Who's it?"  I mean, I've got a whole world and I'm sitting here like I'm, "Oh, this person can't read the script. I can't write." Or, "I'm telling you a story, this character doesn
