======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 times with those. He's great at playing the underdog! I really liked when he played against Babe Ruth, the guy is also a real icon for a lot of sports, Surprised
I've only heard about Babe Ruth, who was also a great golfer, but I don't really know much about him or about the Buffalo Bills. I thought it would be cool to meet them and see if they are at Mc Donald's, I bet you get to Mc Donald's before games
 Yeah I'm not sure how much that's worth. I'm just glad the Buffalo Bills are not in the playoffs though. That's a tough playoff spot to get in. They're still lopsided too, right?
 You would think that one of the 32 teams would win the most money. But the Buffalo Bills are actually in the APA's Super Bowl. That's what helps keep them afloat. I don't know which team is best known for the Bills
Yeah exactly. And speaking of Superbowls, did you know that the Patriots actually lost a Super Bowl by three points the past two seasons? I mean they were playing pretty good, but that wasn't about them
 No I did not know that. The only other team I could think of that was the Eagles. I guess that only happened once or twice. I wonder how many times that's happened
It's interesting that the only other team I saw a football coach with, was the Patriots, it seems like a pretty long time ago now, Surprised
 I've heard that. Apparently the author of a book called Breaking Out: The New England Patriots is the author of a book about the New England Patriots
 That's interesting. I also read an article in the local paper and the author noted that their fans were really big to them. I have never gotten into football until it's super bowl time
Yeah that's cool. You could also read an article online about how the Pats have been good at preventing touchdowns. It's kinda like the Patriots with their huge buildings and the Pats don't seem to be giving up any of their chances
Yeah absolutely. I read an interview with Tom Brady and after reading it, said it was a good question. He said that the team does not scare him and that they haven't won a playoff game in his career because he has won the most touchdowns,
Yeah that is pretty cool to say that. It was also fun talking with you, have a great day
 You too
 Have you heard of NFL. The league's classification system calls for four teams and the average earnings are higher for those teams. I would expect there would be more for other players based on other leagues
That's good news I think, especially when there's a lot of talent in that business, like QB and RB. I think it provides a lot more opportunities for other players
 Yeah. Football is hugely popular in more countries than I was aware of. Did you watch any other football games recently
I haven't been listening to football lately. I do know two NFC schools are playing. That would be the Chicago Bears and New England Patriots. I have not heard of any other games I should be following
Yeah I really liked those teams, one of the best in the league. Did you know that only one NFL game has ever had more than 11 people on the field
 I'm surprised it has to close in the year to 2014
Yes, that's surprising. I like seeing games with the cheerleaders at the stadium. In the 1960's, women were not allowed to wear pants on the football field. I believe it's due to sexist behavior by certain athletes. It seems like it would be too much if you were a female
Agree cheerleaders would be in a lot of trouble if it was like that. The cheerleaders have to walk to the stadium as well, I think
I was also surprised to hear that only one or two years ago, an engineer would walk into the nfl and find out an engineer had worked on a construction site.  I guess that guy was a bit late to fix things. Maybe they should use that rule to try and get a better paycut
Exactly. On another topic, I love dogs a lot. I found out that they have 12 types of bloo Curious to dive deeper
That's interesting I knew that animals have 12 different blood types and that there are blood drives for dogs! It's nice that we have a way to help people that are suffering from cancer
 I think it would be hard to do so. Dogs and humans are very similar. There are lots of different blood types for dogs and humans should do what they can to help those who have bad bloods
 I agree. They seem to have been around a long time and have lived a great life
Well, it was good talking to you
 Do you enjoy baseball
 Yes! I find it interesting how baseball managers wear uniforms. I think that's crazy
 Did you ever hear about the baseball team in Japan?  They play baseball
