======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 love me a bit too
 Haha.  I can't remember the last time I saw a Spider-man movie.  It feels like they finally are finishing it and I've heard there are too many Spiderman movies now.  I've even heard that they're tying up all the loose ends so they can make movies like the Amazing Spider Man and how The Amazing Spiderman tie in with each other
 I do not like those movies. I like action but I have to be watching to see what is good. I would like more of Batman and Spiderman. I like the Hulk better though
 I agree.  I like that each character has a distinct personality.  I know they have a little offbeat kind of like the little cartoon they get in there. Do you think that's their way of doing it?  The character is pretty adult enough and I'm no teenager and I've been told, so it definitely reflects the times and the people they are.  Who knows what they want
It is entertaining but too much competition. I would say more adult and more complicated than what you would have on the news and tv. I would still like them though. I like that the Spiderman films were done right and he was decent in a great role. Have you seen any of his other movies in a while
 Haven't seen any or any of his other movies.  I have heard that some people tried to buy part of the enterprise and got screwed out of millions of dollars.  Those are all great movies though.  I think they were all pretty good too
Agreed. I liked him in Iron Man a lot. Ever seen that one? I liked it because he was able to focus on his own life and have a strong sense of positivity. Have you seen it
No.  Is Iron Man Spiderman?  It's also Spiderman: Rise of the Underminer, so it's got that.  I like Peter Parker better, but I don't think he even looks like Spiderman
 No. I don't think he looks anything like Peter Parker
No.  Peter Parker, the guy who created him and then later adapted him to the movie, was a different fellow.  I think he's just a character to be proud of and not know who he's insulting.  He's definitely very popular with his fans
 You are probably right! Did you realize that a professional ballet dancer can go through four pairs of shoes a week? Or almost. Do you think ballet shoes are essential for any go dancer
 No.   But they are worn by dancers and their toes.  Must be taken care of.  Do you think parrots can dance as well?  
 Parrots are very useful. Dance could be described as a performance of the human form with the performer using either a lawnmower or lawnmower gauge
Well, you are right.  My neighbor has a pigeon, and she looks like me.  It is an older pigeon, and it is quite old.  It never danced, though.  It did a movie version of Rocky.  Did it really?  I do play video games a lot, how about you
It was a video game. I prefer them. I have played the original Nintendo, too. I remember at first, we did not have that system, then it was so good. We played video games all the time. Now we both know it's not the NES. Did you know that Ronald Reagan was once turned down for a movie role because he didn't look presidential enough? Funny!  So, when he was asked why he didn't look presidential, he said it was because he thought pot use was too important
That is funny. Well, it was an entertaining chat. Well, it was great talking to you. Have a good day
 hello
 Hello. Did you know there are 30 of those fantasy congress
Yes I did. It is an annual congress where points are gained at the end of a legislative session. Seems to work for fantasy leagues and was created by Blizzardcritters, a guy that makes hiccup sounds pretty bad
Yeah, pretty funny. A female player was banned from professional baseball because she supposedly had breasts that were totally visible to her
Wow, that must have been pretty ridiculous. She was banned from pro baseball because she always wore knee high hiwa's. It was like that
Really? That is pretty bad. Maybe the rule should change and have it be lower? Women should win more if it is longer, right
Yeah. Speaking of longer, I read that if you take inflation into consideration, baseball managers wear the team's uniforms because they technically are allowed to play
Nice. And for some reason, the Cubs haven't been too popular. They have been baseball champs for a while, which is kind of weird because of the fans
Nice. In Canada it is called baseball card game. Wow, must be a nice game
Yeah, they like to pack stadiums on lan
