======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 13-30.
Right off. We always start off a little light, have to go a little light, then turn right back, we have a three-hour bus ride, no air and --
This is supposed to be our last stop.
This. We have to get there before it blows up --
Yes.
Just a second. I really think this is one of the wildest plans we have ever seen. We'll drive the bus. It's going to be a good trip.
The door? The door has no doors. We want to get to the window, to see it.
Oh no.
Well, the door has a lock.  You'll find it.
This window. I don't know the reason.
Where are we going?
All right, but do you think there's a second bathroom on the roof?
Oh yeah, I want that.
It hurts. Why don't you just get a couple of hours, sleep.
I'm not surprised. I've never really been to Rome...
Not particularly... we're supposed to get dressed and leave in an hour... it's going to take us long. It's getting dark -- and not quite dark -- we'll just have to get this right to Rome... and if we just get dressed, we'll both be fine... we just need a minute with Paul --
All right, I'll call up that guy who lives there, get the address. Just for a minute...  ...where is that window?
No, just a little.
Really?
It seems to be... I see it is a lot more comfortable.
Oh, I can't stop thinking about it. It's just a nice way to find out what people look like.
We all want to say nice things about other people. But this is how we want to talk about this? It's so ugly... I'll take my clothes off!
Oh yes.
Is this a nice place to go, isn't it?
I'm staying in this very room... I do mind.
I'm going to call you...
Yes, I was...
You really liked it?
I like all the same things.  Love of first person conversation, poetry columns, stories on children -- I'd love to go on with something fun... We could take a break...
All the same things.
So you like other people too much?
Yes... we all thought that one day... maybe it would be nice for all of us to know that we all liked you...
I hear you're married... do you like it?
We thought I was beautiful... the whole family used to live in us!
Do we think... that you're beautiful?
Oh, really? We thought that we were being silly...
Yes... that's how it is for you to think that you can love people, don't you?
I thought you were...
Yes.
I like you very much, but I don't like that...
I'm glad I was born here.
Come here. I don't know how many times you've told me this... but I wanted to ask. Have you ever tried a place like this before, to me?
Oh, yeah? Well, I've been to Rome but I'm never coming over. It's a beautiful city.
I wonder what the entrance is. For those who don't know it is a large elevator with a very high ceiling.
Yes, in fact, it is.
It's a museum.
No, you can't just walk in here and say "I have to go!" Oh, that's no good, he's an idiot. It has nothing to do with anything.
No, no, I'm not going, I have to come in.
Well, he seems so kind... he's not at all so kind today or something...
Yes, we were just looking for his phone number... I mean, you know, maybe Paul might know where he is.
Oh, he sounds really nice... the phone kept ringing and I could feel it... I told you, I'm tired.
I guess you'd find it kind of nice to just go on here and just be honest with me now, huh?
What I'm supposed to do is just sit and ... I don't really want to waste anyone's time.
Yeah. It's kind of... like a gallery.
I like you.
I guess I'll just sit here.
I was thinking maybe I'd like you to do something with me. Maybe I'd go down to the museum, to see...
Where are you going?
I'm supposed to --
Can you give me your address today, how to mail a check for $1500 every week for a year? I'll send some documents and show you where I live. I want everything so bad the public's gonna find out the answer. We'll get
