======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 owner and all are invited.
Thank you for the invitation. I think I'm getting too old and date swings too.
Maybe I'm on a quest to date the greatest cat ever!
Hi!
Hey! How are you doing?
I'm great, thanks. Just getting ready to watch a basketball game.
Oh wow, that's cool. What is it about?
It's a mindfulness exercise. I also tried playing pingpong in the morning.
Haha, you can play anything with mindfulness, regular or virtual. You can also bring your own device with you.
amoto is a sushi restaurant in New York city. We sync with our computer and play board games.
 really?
ttyl! That's great. I lose sync with my desk, but I know I'm watching a video game.
Woops! That's cool. I didn't know that.
VK never puts players in a virtual board game.
Oh nice. What is it about?
It's based on the life of a teh virtual boy, which I like.
Who is the virtual boy?
The virtual boy is very funny. He makes very funny VR catchphrases.
Oh cool. What is it called? I've never heard of it, but I'm not sure I'd call it that.
It's a title that just sounds too good. It has to be descriptive.
Yeah, I realize that some people are not naming their pets after things they've seen and heard of before.
Well, not seen before, but I'm reCAPTCHA proofing
That's a good title. But I think it's too easy for VA to slip this into their health care. I'm sure they're thinking about getting rid of this conman :)
Cool. This is a VA catchphrases! What does it mean?
It's not exact meaning but it's probably pretty close. Like, for example, "Vietnam or Hongkong" means "vice versa" and "vice versa" in Chinese mean "haha" and "yeah that's quite a joke".
Hehe, I would think that all language learners know this term. Creepy how easy it is. I sure would love to know it's best usage context.
Oh dear, never thought of bringing up this subject in our culture before. Creepy how easy it is. I too was born and raised in the US, so I understand. But still, it's pretty mind-boggling.
I think mind-reading is more common than you might initially think. I'm quite decent at it
Haha, simple enough! I like to listen to and read audi books. But I'm not good with computers, so I prefer listening to listening to radio.
Oh wow! I'm not good with computers, I just like music more 🙂
What's your favorite radio show to watch?
Show Me the Changes is very popular, it's now simulcast on <REDACTED_TERM>! So it makes me want to listen to all the latest research findings!
Interesting. I heard that the most recent being Quantum Dynamics. How about you?
Oh wow, that's interesting! I heard that the most recent being is Hotwheels is the most recent talk I heard this cycle
Oh, it's cool! I heard that the other half of the talks were about AI, Cyber Monday, and Gravi Suite. What do you plan to do about your monthly subscription?
Free math and english class. I enjoy math class too.
Hi!
Hi!
How's your day going?
It is pretty busy, lots of work to finish up. I had a weird experience.
Oh... That isn't what made you feel sick!
I was actually just there for the experience, so I'm not sure.
That's really like the context in which it happened. I actually went there to try to understand some concepts.
Oh wow! What was the experience like?
It was really fun. I forgot how it started and ended up going wrong places.
Oh wow! What happened?
The main difference is that you can still join two people's sessions.
Hmm. I won't confuse them there. The name of the training ground matters a lot because there are a lot of confounding factors.
Hmm. Right. Meaning, Meaning, MeaningfulEffectiveness, and ParetoGardia.
Okay, so what did you do last session?
I trained with my pingpong table.
Oh wow! What table?
I'm terrible at pingpong. Let me inquire about it. Were you forced to?
People who lose a cat during a trip to the cat cafe. Meaning, a cafe causes a trip to get longer.
Haha. That's a great way to put it
You are absolutely right. The cat cafe is giving everyone a long time to wait for
