======== SAMPLE 1 ========
...No. You're not.  You didn't even get off the plane. I told you about this time.
You are not.  You didn't meet me either.  I was out with an uncle!
What'd you do?
No, yes. I knew that. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to tell anything about it. My friend was right on his own.
What?
No, that's so funny. I told you about the time I was sitting on a bench near the gate and the first thing I said to her was, she was sitting there and I looked out of the window. And she said she thought I was crazy. I said, she said, yes. It happens. If I get into a fight she'll break down the window over there. I called her. I called her a lot of times the evening after the plane crash -- but it didn't work.  Didn't have to be an argument on the plane... It was the night before we went. She was so embarrassed. She said, 'I'm gonna take one for the week and then take two' she's like, well I'm going to call her and she's going to take one for the week.  You know that?  She was embarrassed. She had to wake up every night before the plane crash and look at her. She's like, 'Well, my mom, she got a bad bad break at school.' She thought, 'I'm a girl. And she's a girl. She's just got a heart like that, that must be something.' She was scared -- but all she could do was smile and run and take a breath. She was happy. She was happy.
Didn't you sleep well?
Yeah, it was a good thing.
Yeah, I was nervous. My heart dropped.
You had that thing about the first plane crash. You didn't want to go to the crash. But you didn't want to go to the crash.
Why?  Wasn't your Mom -- and I wouldn't know, I didn't know -- the first plane crash?
My first plane crash.
I'm so sorry. I went nuts. I couldn't believe it. I was scared.  But not thinking. Not going to school, or anything until you go to something -- I'd still think I was crazy if you didn't just go home. But I went on. and I just wanted to go home and not have all that anxiety. I had to go on.
Didn't you think when you were going to be out it would just be like... You going out?
I said, I'll go on.
I'm sure you're not a criminal, aren't you -- but if you think I'm being mean to you, I'm being mean to you.
Yeah, I'll go on.
It was kind of... like we was going to blow it.
No, it wasn't that loud.
We'd been going out for hours because you guys were all going out and you wanted to just go out and not have any anxiety.
Oh, you want to go out there and you don't want to blow your brains out... that's what you think.
And what's it sound like to be going in?
I don't know. But that's why I called.
I don't know if I should call you. I'm supposed --
I have to call you now. I have to get in that bus and get that plane in three hours. And I want to call you.
...It's no problem. I can't go home, I gotta go home.
What are you talking about? You're not worried, you wanna go home... you wanna go home... get in a bus? I haven't been home ever since I was ten years old.
I'm worried.
Where are you now?
Well, look, I... I'm just worryin' about you.
Look, look.
All right. I'm worried, you worry.
Look, I'm sorry, I hate you... ...I hate you.
All right, you should be in a hospital. It'll be all right. I'll make you a cup of coffee.
Well that's great, I really think you should go out. Just do it now. I love you, but you gotta want me to.
I love you. Let me go do my homework. You'll love me a lot.
Hey, my friend, you don't know? All you ever think about is me. You love me, and it's one thing but, at the end of time it doesn't matter if you want us to be friends.
I guess. But if you're worried about me, I guess you might make it. I just don't know.
Is he worried about me?
You think you can go to the
