======== SAMPLE 1 ========

That was in the  grand theft grand jury system
 Yes. Do you remember Mark Twain
No, I don't. Did you know he taught law for over 20 years
 Yes and he was the only person to be convicted
 Yes. Did you know that JFK was once told to leave the house when he got out of the car. Do you think that was a terrible idea
 Yes. He didn't get there. In Norway many of their forests are owned by the US government
Yes they also used land for oil, that is good for sure
 Yes. Doesnt that make sense
Yes not at all, but that is exactly what happened
 Yes. Do you know how the moon dust is formed
 Very little, I have heard of how it was formed
 Yes. Did you know that Jupiter has radio storms so strong they can be picked up and heard by a human ear
 Yes and they are so strong they can be picked up on the radio
 Yes. Do you know why soldiers in WWII wore black uniforms
Yes on occasion, they thought it was to show respect
 Yes and they wore it because their uniforms didn't allow them to get in uniform
Yes, I like the idea of people being in uniform for combatting a foreign enemy,
 Yes especially given the history of black ops
 Yes. DO you know who Martin Chaplin is
 Yes he won the war and was a chaplain for the cadaver corps
 Yes. Do you have any favorite soldiers
 Yes I have a lot of friends. Did you know the white house has a guest house
 Yes and there are guesthouses for the presidents of other republics
Yes. Are they presidents
 Yes and the president guest list is full of them and there is a guest house too
 Yes very cool. Do you like Drake
Yes, he is a good rapper
 Yes he is a great singer too I bet he is also a good songwriter
 Yes. Did you know the president of Indonesia released 3 pop albums while in office
 Yes the only president to have a phd
 Yes. Do you listen to a lot of classical music with the president
 Yes. do you like Kanye West
 Yeah he is a great rapper
 Yes. Did you know he is a man of many talents
 Yeah he is a man of many talents. Do you know who George Harrison is
Yes he was the director of a film festival with Creed
 Yes and he was also the executive director of a successful clothing line. Do you know who the three wealthiest presidents were
 Yes they were Jefferson, Washington and JFK
 Yeah that is interesting. Did you know Washington was the last president to have a PhD
 Yeah I believe it
 Yeah it was him. Do you know who is the wealthiest president in the US
Yes they are the four presidents of Zimbabwe,
 Yeah. Did you know the first president of Zimbabwe was neither a nor a president of the USA
 I have heard that. Well it is been great talking to you this morning
Yes it's been great talking to you as well, it was pretty cool when he spoke to the reporters in the audience
 Yes. Did you hear what a great reporter the president of Indonesia was
 Yes he released 3 pop albums while in office
 Yeah. Do you like dance music
 Yes a few. Did you know Tupac was one
 Yeah but I think Tupac was much more talented
Yes. Did you see a ballet in that
 Yes
 Yeah. Do you know who the most popular dancers are in dance? Did you know Kareem Abdul-Jabbar was the president of jfk
 Yes he was one of the top three wealthiest presidents in history
 Yeah. Do you know who the french government is
 Yes they were french in the 18th century and the us is named after the countries
 Yeah. Did you see in the youtube video that people make of the video
 Yes it is a show about the music of javanese dancers
 Yeah interesting. Did you know when it was in their law there was a law that would prevent the public from participating in musical performances
 Yeah. Do you listen to rap music at all
 yes and it started in 2001 from Mackinac island in Michigan
 Yes. Do you know who recorded the Wu-Tang Clan
 Yes that was Nellie Lee who helped released Demetri Martin's Straight Outta Compton
 Yeah. DO you like Tupac
 Yes he was a good rapper and I also like Tupac who was a dancer at the time and he also had a patent suit of which I think I can't believe I don't even remember him being that kind of talented, Surprised
Yeah that is very funny. Did you know that Tupac never danced much
no I didnt, but I have seen him dance once and youre like how often he does, Surprised
 yeah. Do you ever travel much
No I love to travel. did you know that it's called a flight by airlines that can take 20 people at
