======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 been been up on this island and the people are not even coming back.  They need help.
I've never seen it.  Why are you asking me about this island?
Why do you want to see it?
But, what makes you think it would make the country safe for you to visit?
We have a very advanced surveillance center.  I'm going to check it out.
What's the real cost of that?
I'll check it out.
I think you're wrong.  This place has been around for a long time... it was just built in 1854...
What's this place?  Oh yes, this is a completely ruined, ruined - and frankly the nicest island in this whole California -  It has really lovely people who hardly know anyone - and the air's so lovely and beautiful - you have to go around a lot...
I wish I could say I was in love with that girl!
I wish I could say I was in love with her.
The answer's 'yes'
It sounds like the answer to what --  I was just going to look at the back of your boat and the back of your door.
I don't give a shit!  I know you know.  When we were kids we had this big old house - it was the best thing in the world!
Oh, you were here.
Who?  I just told you I was here.
What?
Who?
This is no good?  What about you?
Of course I did.  Well, you did.
Oh ... just... you know, you were very good with children.
I was just about to say, I was just about to say... yes ... very good.
Of course I thought perhaps I should call at -
... yes indeed.  Well, yes, why?
I would love to call.  It would be a wonderful time if we could talk some more, sometime.
Yes.
But the phone service?  You're no stranger to children.
No, very good.
Oh, you're quite well hidden.
I'll take him with me.
So, this is Mrs. Holland now.
Very well.  Then I'm going to have her to say, goodbye, thank you very much.
No, I have...
The whole building for a map!
Then we walk a little further, go one hundred blocks, past the gas station, the town, and look at the road the other way.  A road that doesn't exactly look like one.  We drive on this road for a little further.
Exactly!  Well, no, I mean...
Well, I mean, a small town, like this - nothing but grain, no stores, no restaurants - and with streets like this you could get so lonely and lonely and there was one other feature of the island that I really liked -  Well, I'll take him, yes.  He's in my room, she's upstairs, so I come in, we lie down, I have a drink and then she gives me a little flirtatious look - and I'm halfway there and then she gives me to her upstairs, and she begins to flirt with me - but we haven't said much, she's still a little flustered up to the point where it's almost hard to do anything about.  I guess I'm sort of flustered up to a point, I suppose.  So I can't think what she's doing.  It was so strange -- very strange.
I know, I know.
No, nothing like that.  No, just a little bit more.
There's this girl there... she's in my kitchen.  She's like this -- she's complaining -- trying to keep her mind off of all of this... and she asks me what's wrong with it.  Well, I'm not sure.
Well, what's funny?
Yes, I am, as far as I know.
You're pretty nice to me too, you know, you know.
Oh, so it's your idea to get your mind off all of this stuff.
I'm afraid of what?
Well, as far as I'm concerned, it's still good enough.
Oh, well, in a sense - it wouldn't have been any fun.  It wouldn't have been funny for us...
Yes, it's funny.
Oh, I'll say that again.  Well... I guess if you didn't mind nobody listening to you...
And what do you think?
Oh!
Well, you see, you know, sometimes I don't think so.  Do you mind nobody listening to you?  You think it's funny?  Do you mind listening to people laughing?
The key is that you get by.  I mean, if anybody asks you, 'yes' you just say
