======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 isn't even that big but I do love them :) they are such a sweet product :)
I agree,  I love my Apple and I remember learning that they have an app store that lets you download songs instantly
 thats great! :) do they have tv shows on their service
 That's a good question! I definitely wouldn't trust their service but I guess that's because it makes sense because they are a huge part of my daily life :)
 I know right!  Do you watch Game of Thrones?  Are you a fan
That's awesome. I don't really watch much GOT, do you
 Nope I don't have any favorite GOT movies but the cast from Game of Thrones is great
 Well there was a lot of high priced wine for wine at the white shark cafe
lol that sounds awesome, it didn't hurt the show was a success I like the white shark movie I want to watch more black and white movies or play some video games lol
Hi, how are you today
Hello, I am well thank you. Do you like baseball? Are you aware of any interesting facts about baseball
I like to watch the game, so I find it interesting that the managers wear uniforms to keep them from being arrested
I know, so that is not always a good idea. Is a married couple that usually scheduled all the games? That's how the Chicago Cubs got their name
 I would think so? Seems a bit excessive to have a manager playing as well as a cat player
Yes exactly. I think it's crazy that a married couple scheduled all of the games, then they had to split up the winning and losing, they had to do it 24 hours a day, so it was not a lot of work
I never knew that, a bit mind blowing how much work that would take though. It would take over a ton of time. I would not make bank but I would be able to do a lot
Yeah you are right, it was just to keep my mind off things and not take anything. Have you seen the japanese men that did 3 baseball games a couple years back
 I did a couple games for a company but we were buds
Yep, I heard about some guy who found a bunch of baseball cards in his grandfather's attic
 I wonder if they actually contain cards from the 1900's? It's interesting to see how things have come about since then
 I would say so because a lot of those cards never change. I always just assumed cards would disappear with the time travel thing of them
 That was the strangest fact. One of my friends in Japan never realized until recently that the baseball cards he found in his attic were cards from the 1900's. I guess those were worth quite a bit. He got a surprise from the owner at the store
 Wow that is pretty rare for a card. Well if you like Japanese history then you will like their history too. Do you like to watch dramas too
That is very true, well this weekend I am going to watch a House Of Cards, which one of those do you prefer
 I love to watch dramas. It's pretty relaxing! Do you know why Michael Catt is the highest-paid actor ever by getting $000 per episode
 I don't. I heard that Jon Hamm taught dramatic arts in his former high school and one of his students was Ellie Kemper from The Office
Hugh Jacksons showThe Officegot a lot of awards, not surprising because the Office couldn't attract teenage girls
 Yeah I think so. Jon Hamm taught it well! Did you know that Jim Carrey doesn't make drama films anymore because they don't project positivity
I heard that. He is a good actor. Maybe I should start now. Goodbye
 Hi
 Hey.  Did you ever watch Pokemon
I know that it got over 750 episodes, and I watched some as well. How about you
 I did.  I even did the Super Bowl.  Did you ever see the episode where they said it had a Japanese voice
 That's cool. The voice acting in Pokemon isn't that bad. I used to love the simpsons. Did you watch when they decided to remake FG
They remade FG?  Yes.  I used to watch it on Christmas, but then I got bore because of the Simpsons.  They wanted to cancel them though.  The Simpsons crew hated them
 Oh wow. Well after that it will be hard to get a job as a voice actor. They should call it the supreme achievement of animeshow, Surprised
Exactly!  It seems to be a lot of money for the creator of Pokemon.  He made quite a bit money in Pokemon.  I'm wondering if he was alone in inventing Pokemon
Wow, that's a great question. I guess the company seems to be diversifying every year, Surprised
Yes.  The Nintendo 1DS came out in  with the NES
 I can believe that. Well it's not the first time people have gone
