======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 humidity in a small pond. It gave the water a very pink colour and made it so thirsty that you couldn't even go swimming! Wanna know any tips for getting a warm climate? Have you turned down a proposal from a company you trust? Wanna be the first?
You should work in a cafe - I love hot chocolate.
haha. Let's get something warm from there 🙂 What about you?
I think that's a good climate if we have air conditioners in it. Sure, the building is so small, but we don't have to live in extreme weather in order to have a chocolate bar.
awesome, I think we should have a team effort when it's cold!
Cool. I have so much to learn about mentee's work relationships with sponsors. How about you?
Cool. My mentor was a very hand-wringing kind of person who he said were making things too personal for me. I certainly won't be offended by that!
Hi!
Hello! How's your day going?
So far so good. It is Wednesday. To more days, yeah
Haha are you looking forward to the weekend?
Yeah, gonna watch <REDACTED_TERM> with my friends. First time. So excited.
Oh wow! Are you going to watch it live? Or watch it on TV?
Live in san jose This Saturday.
Oh, the sharks??? Hokey is actually really fun live! Although, it can be a little violent.. haha
Yeah! That what I heard as well. There are players just for fight! Wow, must be fun to watch lol Are you planning anything for the weekend?
You might like the UFC haha. I actually have a jiu jitsu tournament coming up so this weekend I will be training!
lol I will try if I can watch ufc live 😉 Wow, when did you start jiu jitsu?
It's just been a little over a year. I'm still pretty amateur, but I figured I should give competing a try and just put myself out there.
wow, that's amazing. Good luck with it!
Yeah, as long as I do not pass out, I will consider that a win!
lol I will cross my fingers for you then
Where do you stay?
At Home :)
Who created You?
A humble man made me!
Hi!
Hey, how're you doing? Busy with your work?
Yes, actually it was a very busy day! How's your day so far?
Well, usual workday. Reading others' code, debugging, experimenting…
Hope you are having fun doing that 🙂 Any plans for the weekend?
Not yet. I am actually thinking about traveling to Europe next spring. What about you?
Europe sounds fun! I will just stay home and watch the game. Where in europe do you plan to visit?
I like all the historical sites, so probably France, Germany, or Italy.
 Sounds great! I recommend spain. It's perfect for road trips.
I also need to pick up my Spanish. I learned it in my college, but since then haven't used it that much.
 Yep, i tried learning spanish too, but couldn't make much progress. But i should do decent with my german.
True! I learnt it from school. But didn't get much chance to speak. Hope you have fun with your trip!
 Thanks! Let me try to make all the arrangement as soon as possible. Hope you also enjoy your weekday and weekend as well
Hi!
Hey! How's your day been?
It's good! I spent most of it watching horse racing. How about yourself?
nice! what's your favorite part about watching horse racing? My day has been pretty busy, but I had a nice lunch with a friend. It was good to catchup with him
I actually like to put down some money, but I wouldn't call it my favorite part, since I usually lose it... haha. Catching up with friends is great! How long had it been?
The last I saw him was a month ago! So yup it was great Haha, nice 🙂 Got any fun plans for the weekend?
I'm thinking of going deep sea fishing. Ever tried that before?
Nah, I haven't. But I'm not really into that type of fishing. Is it fun?
Nah, I really enjoy it. Just a little bit bahwaingo
Nice! What is your favorite part about it? What about you?
I can't wait for the weekend! I love Hawaii. What do you want to do if I tell you I'm going to Hawaii?
Great! You too, welcome.
Hi!
Hello, how are you?
I'm great. How are you?
I'm great, thanks. How's your day going?
