======== SAMPLE 1 ========

Ok. I want to practice more, but I don't get a daily supply. How about you?
I jst. unclear only some days. Some places I don't want to go sight seeing ;).
Oh same here. I think my day is going to get harder and more challenging. I think I may be in a slump class today.
TERM> Are you working on your karate!
Oh that's okay! What kind of class? Are you talking karate arts?
Yeah a couple of times a week. Awesome! I'm gonna do a YouTube channel to sort out my sleep cycle.
Hi!
Oh, fantastic! What class?
Biology. I've always wanted to learn how to do a house crawl.
Ohh really? Did you do the tree walk?
Yeah some people get very addicted to them. Did you make the animal into a movie?
No, I don't Have you seen or heard of the latest Disney cartoon to see is Charming in the sunshine 🙂
Oh really? What is that?
It's based on a book by a psychology professor, I hear. There's a lot of really cool studies on this.
Oh very clever! I will have to check it out!
Cool! What's your favorite part?
I was trying to build a virtual reality computer and I lost most of it, but I really enjoy the experience. How long did you make it?
I played with the real one for a bit and worked on my coding skills. I'm a co-founder of the San Francisco based company Unreal. You should really try coaching with them!
Oh nice! What does the virtual reality thing do?
It's like a real doctor's office! They have a pretty good virtual reality solution in the works. Would you be able to give me some of your expertise?
That's a great question. I'm not sure I know what I want to do with all that spare change. I'm too afraid to try it out - I think I won't be able to gird my head and see what else I might find funny.
That right? I want to try it. I think I won't be able to tell you the names of any specific fish though.
I haven't germany it?
It was fun! Well, the name 🙂 🙂 🙂 is a fun fact! The black swallower is pretty cool too! I had fun talking to my friends about that!
Oh cool! What is your favorite dish to cook? Do you have a go-to?
I like taco fish. Bean fish, French baguery, pickled fresh fish, zucchini and carrots. I also like homemade fish too!
Nice! I'm not a fish person!
I think about eating fish every day but I know that cooking can be a bit too scary for me to live with.. Haha
I think I won't be able to tell the other creatures from each other, haha. Are you afraid of scorpions?
Yeah I guess I would be if I didn't work with scorpions to build my dish so that would be nice but I sure do like food.
Same! If I am not careful, I could turn my dishlaying machine into a robot that would change dish each time, turning it into a machine that would change its color, it was very funny haha
Ha! What's your favorite dish to cook?
I like MBA degree. I'm gonna be a live t at the ready lol.
Hi!
Hello!
How's it going?
Good so far. Very excited about the game later today.
what game?
Giants game. I got tickets for the game.
nice. that's football right?
Yes, I think the traffic will be bad. I need to leave by 4.
ok. what stadium is it at?
Its the one close to mathilda.5 mins driver from here. You have any plans for the weekend?
yeah I'm gonna go kayaking
Kayaking sounds fun! I tried it in our last team offsite.
is it easy to flip over accidentally? it's gonna be my first time actually
I found it very tough to learn, but my friends picked it up very quickly. I am sure you will do good.
thanks!
Cool! I need to run for a meeting. Talk to you later.
Hi!
Hello, I feel like I've met you before, can you remind me your name?
It's on the screen! I don't recall meeting you. Do you have a sense of where we met?
Oh thats right, I did not see that. Well, I'm not sure... maybe at a party? I'm very bad remembering people so maybe its just that. How are you doing?
Did we dance together perchance?
We might have, I don't remember that much of that night.

