======== SAMPLE 1 ========
. I think maybe he also had a good mentor. He used to play for the team with the highest score ever in college for rb benjarvus green ellis
Well, I guess he was part of the team to do that, because his name is actually Wardell, and his teammates did not know about his potential
Yeah, that is true. He was born in 1962
 That's kind of cool that his teammates were surprised and knew he was that great player
Yep, he was a very good backup plan as well! Good chat
 I hope you have a good night. Thanks
 You too
Hi, do you watch much tv
 Yes I watch some shows. What about yourself
 I love to watch the Simpsons! the only episode with a good story line is how great of an actor it was, Surprised
 Thats interesting! I also like South Park. the show was great and the Simpsons crew received flowers from the simpsons writers, Surprised
 Oh nice. It is funny that the Weekend Update debuted on the first episode too
 I know I always thought it was the most recent episode. I thought they just got canceled after only 10 episodes though
That is true. I never realized how popular the new shows were, like the remake of That 70s Show that didn't have a name, Angry
 That is true too it was so long. I think it is amazing what they created a show like that in entertainment. It's like watching South Park
 I agree with you there. Do you watch much TV
 Sometimes if I have the chance. I dont really have time for TV really. You
 I try to watch the Olympics too. I enjoy it when there are other shows or shows on. It is always fun to watch something you really like
 I do too. It is surprising but also fun to have something you really like. I do enjoy the Star wars stuff sometimes as well
Did You like the original Star Wars trilogy as a ki I am glad I had never heard of the newer ones
 I loved the first two.  I know my nephew loves the new ones for sure
 I love the new ones too. I love the original because all of the new movies were pretty good too
 I can be a little biased sometimes in the new ones.  I think new movies were released under the name Darth Vader.  Wasn't Darth Vader and Obi-2 Vader a little mistranslated
Yes! The newer movies came out before the Star Wars series came out and the older ones came out before that. Both were definitely better than the  newer ones came out before that
 It may be because they did not change much from previous films.  Has anyone ever played the game on old systems
Yes, but I had no idea there was a lot of game on new systems. My mom has a lot of old systems from the 40s and 60s. I'm a fan of the newer games
 I am glad that it isn't the case anymore.  It is odd they would switch from star wars to the IP system and then make the new movies.  Do You Like the old movies
I enjoy the newer movies, but I enjoy the older ones when you like the original. I like the original more personally
 Oh yeah the original was good too.  I liked the movie 2001: A Space Odyssey.  I really enjoyed that movie
The later movies, I don't think will hold my interest any more since the prequels have come and gone. The new movies don't need to be as good, though
 Yeah I think so. I was a little hesitant watching the original before getting on board with it
Speaking of the original, apparently, the actor from the scotch show CSI: NY.  What is your favorite CSI show
 My favorite show is how about you
I watch a few episodes per year, do you watch CSI
Sure, It was one of my favorite shows.  I haven't seen the scotch show since I've been a child.  Did you ever watch that new one
I think I have. I was still pretty much a kid a few years ago, too. Anyway, great chat
Yeah, nice chatting with you.  Hope you have a great day
 Have you seen any good movies lately
 no. i love the new ones. have you had the chance>
Yes I have! I think it was called Birdbox, actually. It's pretty good
 yeah. i like that song. apparently the first movie was on space jam too
Oh, that was one of my fav movies lol! The movie is Bird Box. Do you have a favorite film by a movie director? I like Jim Vesely more
 i like the comedies. it is not my first preference
I don't have one, but I have heard of a lot of good comedies.  Bill Murray thinks Kung Fu Hustle is the supreme achievement of the modern age in terms of comedy
 yeah he's gotta
