======== SAMPLE 1 ========
?
I'm a lot happier now with our family arrangements...but, um ...I don't know.
Why?
I'll try 'nother way around.
Don't worry.
You'd better have some wine - and some fresh air, for Christ's sake - I can't handle all this...
I'm lucky I live here - that's the best thing I can do.
What the hell are we going to do?  Not talk to you?  Oh, God - you're a beautiful person and - er, the worst thing I can do is talk about my feelings.  And I'm not supposed to talk about your feelings!
I hope you don't mind me talking about some of my feelings.  You're very angry with me - I'm sure you'll think it's nothing funny - but I'm not angry with you.
We never had that bad of a time.
I'm sick and tired of you being the bad mouthed, and trying to piddle my way through this all by myself.
You'd make me happy...
I've got to run if I have to go back and get them back.
My mother was worried too.  You haven't had a heart attack and that's not necessarily a good thing.
I'm pretty sure so.
You're gonna need some blood and blood-sucking -
I don't know - he had a heart attack.
Did the only thing that struck me right when I saw him in the corridor before - that was the face, his name was Henry Lee, I was just so confused- look at his face when I saw him and his face when -
You're a smart woman.
Why are you here?  I don't believe that.
We'll talk about all things Jane Fonda... What we both want is just a vacation.  The second thing we both want is to see you again.
You look fine, aren't you?
I told you to relax.  Now what's the next thing you want?
I'm busy.  You should take a rest.
I haven't a clue what we're going to talk about. 
Yeah... I feel better now.
Great, you got nothing better to do?
Not exactly.
I guess you will go.
Thanks for the beer tonight.
Naw - I'm gonna go home and do my book - what the hell about dinner?
The hell about dinner.
What did I tell you?  It's been a crazy night here.
I'm glad to see you.
Not at all.  You do it with me - and you do it with me for a living.
Do you do it with me?
Yeah.  And I want the job I want.  It's what I want.
So do I.  Do you understand?  I love you too.
I love you.
What are you doing with me?
I hope the rest of my mother's friends get the same bad breath as I did for my hair.
I'm getting ready for bed.
Didn't you ask about me?
Well, let's just say I can understand you.
That's just the way mother wishes.
You don't seem like your ideal mother.
That's not necessarily a bad thing.
I'm the girl that you should have somewhere in your life.
Maybe she won't.
Maybe she won't show up anyway.
Maybe there's not enough room in there. But you always do have to be there.
I want to get the rest.
Yeah...
It's my house. That's where I got my hair cut.
What?
You're not coming up to me, are you?
Okay.
I'd rather not even talk about it until you give me some answers.
Don't ever let your life turn you off like this, Jane.
No, I'll never let go of you.  If I lose you, that's not even going to help you get back up. 
I love you too.
If I could, I'd love you.
If you could.
I've forgotten how to kiss.
What?
Jane -
I'm sorry. 
You can't, because you don't love me anymore.  There's only one reason.
You're not a fucking fool, I don't even like you to think about me anymore.
I should go back to my apartment. There's nothing on the way back that I'm not thinking about you anymore.
I don't want to talk about it. But it's a nice vacation I've had.
I'll be right back.
I don't want to go anywhere.
I have to get a room.
What?
I'm so tired.
What?  I can't do it, Jane. I've got to get someplace
