======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 always the worst of the worst
For sure, not a great player. Good for him
 He's done so well at the granny shoot. I don't know how he's going to end up though and I'm sure it will end up in the library of congress
 I think he's done well though. That you can do it with a regular coach or someone the team calls in
For sure, just make sure to be a bigger guy, at least a five or six hundred seven. What team is that
 That's pretty good to be five or six
 Are you a soccer fan?  The World Cup was hosted in  not too much longer ago
 Im more of a watching sport fan. I am a a big fan of soccer
 It definitely helped them reach the title.  Especially when a player like Messi is one of the most well known
 The man is a god he is already  so it really helps the team to do it. The World Cup is also known as the world cup
I didn't realize that.  I used to love watching soccer live when it was invented in 14C, but lately I've been looking more into professional soccer for sure
 I think that they were always using invented soccer for the first time
 Definitely.  I used to know that it was played at a hexagon style of play called soccer (soccer)
It looks like a great name though, I never knew that the Hungary soccer team played host to German soccer team in  Neutral
 Nice!  I wonder how those facts come about that happened since not a single match has lasted at the world cup since that team first started
 I don't know much about soccer until looking into it more
 Same here.  It's funny that the Hungary national sport was nicknamed soccer that's where German soccer used to take place
 It makes sense then then that in a country the size of its country is small. They have that in the German game too
True.  Also true is just from soccer how well the countries are together with the rest of the world.  I think even in the US the countries still together play more than one game one day
 I guess thats one of the reasons the united states men's team did not score a single goal in any of the 3 wold the womens world cup started back in  Neutral
True.  The games are so long and the stadiums are so small.  The USA team has won the trophy the last two world cup's and yet they have not found the way to score a goal in a game.  The World cup has changed from the prior era.  Now the USA team must show that they can score from the back of the field on average
 Maybe they can do that in the upcoming one
I have no Idea where that all comes from, but at the very least the world cup will be free like the World Golf Championships in America
 Have you ever played golf?  Have you played in tournaments
Yes, I have played quite a bit. Not a regular person, not a spectator
No, but I do like to play.  That's why I am surprised to know that there is a golf course in dubai that requires 4 million gallons per day
 I can believe that. When you play it is a different game
Right!  I remember playing a bit earlier, but I've never played a course like the one that is located in the middle of places.  It seems like a lot of work
 It's amazing to think how far we have come from when we had the word golf
 It is certainly true today.  There are so much golf that makes a lot of sense
I know. Well, I think it's interesting that in 39 of 50 US states, the highest paid state employee is either a college football or basketball coach
 True!  That's pretty sad that the US does not have better sports that other countries do
Yeah, it's sad about the lack of education. That was the best thing to ever happen to the game of golf for golf courses. Course managers, players and all that
 True!  There is just too much waste in the golf courses now.  Golf courses consume up to 50 gallons of water a day
 That seems excessive. I like golf a lot. I'd like to play it a bit more
It seems like the us has grown in golf courses since Samuel L. Jackson wanted to build a golf course in Dubai
 I didn't know about Dubai but do you know what the course is named after
 Not that I'm aware of. The course at Samuel L. Jackson's golfing resort is the one in Amritsar. It was for Dubai
 I wonder how it was like to build the course there? I've heard that golf courses can be big in Japan
 I live just outside of Kansas City so I've only been aware of one golf course I've ever seen on the east coast
Yeah, they are in DC but they're always out here. Apparently the Lan a golf
