======== SAMPLE 1 ========
. They might think I'm strange, but I assure you nothing!
You might be strange, but I assure you it's healthy too.
I haven't, and I hope the opposite happens. Why?
I think a strong N4 keyword guarantees you a spot.
Yes, negatives outweigh positives. So I go with negatives as they come.
I see. Are you doing well?
Well, no, I'm good. Just having some morning tea
are you a tea person or do you like coffee too?
I'm really a hot chocolate person. I don't drink coffee and I only drink tea when I'm trying to be healthy and want something warm to drink. What about you?
I love hot chocolate. Have you ever had european style hot chocolate? It's kind of like drinking melted chocolate bars haha
I recently tried it for the first time and you're right - it had a wonderful melted chocolate bar taste! I tried it up in a place in San Francisco and they had delicious homemade marshmallows too!
that's great. It's so cold these nights. Right setting for hot coco. Do you have anything you enjoy doing during cold times?
Traveling to warm places haha. When it's cold, you appreciate the warm climate more 🙂 If I am not traveling, then I prefer there to be snow on the ground so I can go skiing or tubing down the mountain. What about you?
I tuck in blankets and read a book lol. I have never done tubing, but I seen some people do it. Is it worth it if you already ski?
Skiing involves a lot of muscle - especially in the legs so it is a workout. Tubing, you just sit and enjoy the ride down. Also with tubing, you can chain with your friends and go down together whereas with skiing, you're trying to not run into your friends.
hahaha that's a great way to put it
You should definitely try tubing the next time you head towards the mountains during the winter!
Yeah. I'll try to get a group together. ttyl!
See ya!
Hi!
Hey!
how's week so far?
pretty good, excited for thanksgiving you?
Same. Going to catch up on my reading! do you have a feast planned?
yup! gonna have dinner with family what books are you gonna read?
Something Deeply Hidden by Sean Carroll <REDACTED_LINK>
ahh nice what kind of books do you usually like to read
largely scifi How about you?
yeah I also like scifi and some non-fiction too have you read Seveneves by Neal Stephenson?
I haven't what is it about?
the moon is shattered by an asteroid and the pieces of the moon end up clouding the earth's atmostphere which causes almost every living creature on the planet to go extinct that's the premise of the book and the book is about the survivors
how do the survivors survive such a thing?
they go into space and they live there
sounds like a tv show I watched
really? which one
can't quite remember. something about survivors going to live in space
ah nice
Hi!
Hello!
There is sports tournament (badminton + tennis + basketball) organized by google next week. Would you like to volunteer for these events?
what does a volunteer do?
Volunteers have to book the place before the event, send out details of the event to participants, handle some logistics and ensure everything goes smoothly. It will be fun!
That sounds fun, I hope I get to participate as well
Great! Do you have any preference for any of these events?
I think badminton would be fun to help out with I used to play it with my siblings
Cool! I will add you for the event. I think its best to start discussing the format of the event. There are a couple of other volunteers for badminton, i can connect you with them.
Ah, I forgot to ask, has there been a date picked?
Its next saturday. Actually Depending on how long we get the place reserved, it may slip to sunday as well.
That's coming up soon!
True! The volunteers have already sent out some emails and collected some funds. Now, we mainly need help with the logistics and organizing the event.
Phew, yes I can help with that
Perfect! We have a meeting today at 4.30 pm. Is it fine if i add you to it?
yes happy to help
Hi!
Hello there!
How has your morning been thus far?
Its alright. Went grocery shopping and got to stroll around in the rain. How about you?
Today is a work day! How did you have time for that? I'm going through a lot right now.
Oh, you mean going through a lot of
