======== SAMPLE 1 ========
yeah, the city is amazing after I eat 🙂 glad to hear that your feast is coming up soon 🙂 yay for lunch what with your usual burger and eggs. I'm gonna sit here and wait for lunch. Have you seen Terminator 3?
not yet! all I seen so far 😞 ya
thats great! I've enjoyed it in all honesty so far does it have scenes to share?
I watched it once and saw the first conversation between a person and a robot. It was touching and funny. Do you have Terminator 3?
I'd love to try! What does your favorite movie have as your Christmas present?
Haha it has Carrie! she's been my favorite since I was in high school 🙂
Oh, so you get to put all your eggs into one basket. It's so nice to meet so many wonderful people.
Hmm...interesting. I grew up playing video games, but mostly I bombard my parents with phantasy-looking puzzles. Can you imagine that?
It's really weird since I was little! My parents are science-fiction fans and so they identify as such.
So it's kind of like flying fish, except there are lots of cute little creatures.
Very clever! Then, you ask them some very interesting and sometimes upsetting questions. Like what's the "conspiracy theory"?
Hmm...interesting. I actually got a chance to sit with a friend who researches the topic and is trying to undermine it as quickly as possible. How about you?
Good. I've actually been super busy so I haven't study much 😞. You ask me a lot, so it's easier to study.
Hmm….
If I continue to live with the same old problems, eventually I will ask some other question.
Hmm….
If I live with the same old fears, then maybe it will be okay to tinker with metal causes.
Oh really? Then yeah I should tinker with metal causes 😜
Thats very cool! That's a cool claim. Are you thinking about trying other metals?
I might be thinking about that. I would probably just put the idea to rest. What does your friend mean by that?
He asked me that day
Am I thinking about that?
People are really into adventure music likes Tom Sawyer and Just a Touch of Wonder. What is your favorite movie?
I'm trying to learn chord shaping and arrangement. I learned in school how to do that. How else do you do that?
That's a cool thing to do. What is it about?
It's about octo-momentary time commitment to the same party. What more can you do for friends?
IONS! That's kind of exciting! I love Gravity, I think.
Do you do regular party things?
I'm a little dark haired, but I know there's definitely a darkness to be found in the human spirit.
What does your background involve?
I was a lawyer in New York.
Oh, so you're in a different world at the time.
I don't know. I was in a class action lawsuit brought against the Disney corporations. The plaintiffs are all from Taiwan, so they didn't get to see all the beautiful things that are in the book.
That's interesting. There's a book about that here. It's called Shattered Dreams and it's pretty funny.
Yeah, it is pretty funny. I've seen a few movies with people from Taiwan, but nothing very funny.
Hi!
hey, what's up?
What movie are you in?
I'm watching Avengers: Infinity War. How about you?
I'm watching Avengers: Infinity War. How about you?
I'm watching Avengers: Infinity War. You're so cool. I forgot the book is in vogue.
yea, I love it. I haven't seen too many Spiderman movies so far
Oh cool! The one that catches your eye?
haha, I don't see much movie lately. But I'm waiting for reviews from theaters so I can start seeing the other movie!
seems like the movie reviews are only meaningful for a few months. Not that it's fun, but still awesome!
yup! Thanks for the tip! I just saw the book being reviewed here in Beverly Hills.
Hi!
Hey, how are you?
I'm good. How are you doing today?
Great, just had some delicious lunch. How about you?
I was really just eating some healthy ramen! What about you?
Oh cool. Ramen is your favorite food. Meals will be available that weekend!
yeah, I hope they are nice. Like tacos. Not sure how that works. What do you like about taco night?
I love tacos. I'm not a fan of corn. I like a little spicy!
I haven't had a taco this weekend
I love spicy food. What's different about
