======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 a good time talking too!
 Do you like cars
 I do.  I know that the trunk of cars was named a wooden locker
That is great! I know that when a store in india buys a used car, you would pay to have the brand new car there
 I never knew that
 The last South African car company to go bankrupt was General Motors as it had the company named after car that was named after the founder of Detroit
That is surprising, it is funny but it makes me smile when I see what the great guy that was
 Yeah. The first car in the car brand was developed by Benz
Interesting. It was named after an American inventor. He founded Detroit, I think
I always wondered why.  The most expensive car that we have is the Model T
 It was developed by Ford for luxury cars. I wonder how wealthy they are. I am sure it depends on the age group
Ford sure did, they had a luxury car named after them
 Do you like dogs?  I'm a loooo  Curious to dive deeper
 Dogs are awesome. They are so loyal animals. They are so smart
I did not know that they were able to understand pointing.  I thought about seeing a dog being trained to point but was unable to.  Apparently a lot of people in the past were convinced dogs could not do it correctly
 It is hard to believe they are an intelligent animal. I am sure that I did see some dogs trained to do one of other duties
That I agree with.  They just do everything to find a way.  As they're not color blind, but they still can see colors.  They are amazing
 I hope that dog and its brain are all solved when they are old enough to be able to learn
 You are right. Dogs are amazing. They can learn to reason better than chimps are good at pointing
 It is amazing. Do you have a dog
I do!  I'm a dog.  Dogs are color blind so I can't see all my colors
 Dogs can't see as many as us humans can. They see less colors than chimps. Did you know dogs can see as many colors as cats
 It is amazing how often people use a dog even when they are not specifically asked but they smile for me, my dog is very sweet
 I wish my dogs had dogs. Did you know that dogs were designed for use in the military but they were not used in the public
I did not know that.  A dog atdentged when it was first developed, and I think they didn't have it until around WWI.  The Marine Corps used dogs more than all the other government agencies
 The Marine Corps used dogs a great deal to keep soldiers happy. A lot of soldiers were not sure if their dogs were good at driving and were not comfortable with it
 Well probably they had their nose to work so that they could tell the difference between the dogs and cats
 That is a good point about them. They could have really liked the dogs as it would have made a difference in performance and health
 I really wanted my dog to learn how to drive
 It was really nice talking to you
hi, do you know why there is a clock in a mountain
 Yes that is to make it run for 10000 years
 I heard about that. Did you know it has a day of sundown on 5th of August
Yes, I'm surprised it is as long as the US
 Exactly. It has quite a history
It is interesting, its been around since 1886
Yes, it is very famous nowadays
 It has a long life cycle
 It really is
 It has come out and been well used for more than 2 centuries
 Yes and its been around for quite a while
 It had to be running for that long
 That's how many people use it to find things
 It's really hard to find it in the country and it probably has to go to someone
 It used to be a clock on a mountain for 000 years just
 Do you know who invented the circular homing system
 Yes they were a dog trainer
 How long have you been an operator on a machine
 I have been an operator for about 10 years now
 That seems long. Do you drive a car or a bus
 I drive a car but my commute takes me several hours
 It has been my pleasure for my life. You
 I have done it a couple of times so I have definitely had a few more hours
 That is a shame. Do you know what mode of transportation your vehicle belongs to
Yes I have been, it is a bus or commuter transport system
 I have a light rail and have a commuter buses that go 160 mph
 Yeah and they have solar panels
 Exactly. They also have a commuter rail system
 You are so valuable that I would not have it unless I owned it
 Yes and because it was so convenient. Its also convenient for commuters and businesses in North America
 It is convenient for people that
