======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 be more, but I guess the roads are beautiful and well ventilated.
Oh wow! Sounds like an excited couple is right around the time as well. Do you know any fun facts about the road?
I visited one of the local cafe and had to get a drink. Ended up getting a strawberry
Oh cool! I've always wanted to go to Australia. I'm originally from the US.
Ahh me too! You should definitely try to visit Australia at least once!
Will do! Bye.
Hi!
What's your name?
My name is pikachu. it’s nice to meet you! What are you up to this month?
Nice to meet you pikachu! pikachu, pikachu, pikachu? (That meant, I'm literally catching Pokemons on my phone right now!) What're you up to lately?
I’m trying to organize my life and start the new year ready to go! What about you?
Wow, that's impressive. Admit I'm just trying to take each day and week as they come.
What do you do to unwind?
Honestly, I like to catch Pokemons on my phone a lot. That must be upsetting since your name is pikachu though...sorry...
Oddly enough, I also catch Pokémon on my phone. I used to do it more, but it just never ends. I used to do it everyday. Now I mostly catch them when I travel somewhere exotic.
Oooh, that is more fun, but I don't travel that much these days so I'm grateful when I spot a Pokemon to catch where ever I happen to be. Do you have a favorite Pokemon? Mine is the cute pink JIgglypuff!
In the game, i use vaporeon a lot. But I think pikachu is the cutest, that’s why I changed my name to match. Lately, I think baby Yoda is the cutest though. Have you seen baby yoda?
I have heard of him and seen him here and there, but admit I don't have Disney+, so I only heard baby yoda is super cute and popular. Maybe I'll binge watch The Mandalorian in a couple of years like I did Game of Thrones...
What is your favorite show to watch right now?
Admit I really like watching Modern Family and Mix-ish. Reruns and new episodes. I find them cleverly written. What're you watching these days on TV?
I was watching cat rescue videos on YouTube a lot. There sure are a lot of stray cat babies that get stuck in pipes and gutters in South Korea.
Oh dear, I never imagined that happening. Poor things, but good to hear they're being rescued.
Do you like cats or dogs better? Do you have any pets?
I used to have a cat, hamster and fighting fish, but they've all lived long lives and gone to pet heaven, but I sure miss them.
Hi!
hi there! it's a lovely day to chat with you
Isn't it just! What are you up to today?
ah I'm waiting to finish work earlier to meet my son at home 🙂
Oh, excellent! What does your son like to do for fun?
ah he's like to ride his little bicycle around the house and asks me to follow 🙂 what are you up to today?
I'm taking a fake sick day from work so I can go to the movies.
haha that sounds like a good plan. who are you going with? 🙂
Just by myself. I love seeing movies by myself, it's the best.
haha no one will interrupt you!
Exactly. Exactly! Plus, I don't have to share the popcorn with anyone. What's your favorite movie?
haha, popcorn for yourself. my favorite movie is Avatar! what about you?
Get out of town! It's Avatar too. What are the odds!?
haha it's a great movie that I haven't found anything of the same quality
Yes. Can't wait for the sequels.
Hi!
hello there, nice seeing you
Likewise.... wanted to know if you and the kids would want to join us for Disneyland trip around Christmas?
oh wow, that sounds like so much fun! definitely count us in. what is your plan?
Tentative plan is to drive to LA on3rd and then stay at the Disney resort for nights. I heard Christmas eve they have loads of fun events.
awesome, I think I won't tell my kids and surprise them last second. How bad do you think the traffic is going to be?
Great idea! I will probably do the same. Surprise surprise.... Traffic might be a little harsh.
Yeah... thats a shame but nothing we can do about it. What do you plan to do about dinner the
