======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 in people in his town. I know he is from the 80s and a great dancer from the 90s
 Yeah i know a lot about dancing as one of his dancers. He has won many hong kong awards including Best Rap Performance at the 1997 MTV Video Music Awards
 He also had the experience of being a janitor in a san while and I never have to worry about him doing any drugs or money making
 I would have worried for his safety as it is legal to arrest for drug possession in south africa
 I would have too. I wonder if he has a car in the border town of Oakland and the sheriff has cameras there for the public to see
 I don't know. What is his place in there
It is in the village of Oakland, and probably a few miles from the nearest freeway, and he did not want to work there. The only thing I could see is cars being honk in the background! Anyways great chatting with you, have a great night
Good evening.  I've been reading a lot about the Supreme Court Building. They have a meeting scheduled for next week to discuss Kavanaugh's nomination.  I hope it works
 I hope it gets going in the new year so the President has a chance to make a decision lol! Do you watch Judge Kavanaugh
 I do for that matter I think he should go on the record he once said that women were essentially able to do anything they want to
 That is so sad but then again, they have been around since 1853 lol! And he also testified before Congress, it was during oral arguments
That is so crazy,  I don't get it either,  not to mention he's married  and he is also a singer.  I wonder if it will happen with Trump
 It seems like he is out of reach lol! And I think it will not because he doesn't even seem to have to give testimony. He is more like a TV celebrity so he will be able to do it anyway lol
Exactly.  Also,  he's already doing it, he is the highest elected official in our history.  I mean, he was the first President to be elected in Zimbabwe
 That is great for the President that we have the President who has a photographic memory and is also a photographer and he still has to testify before Congress. I would have liked to see Trump do it
Lets hope it can lead to a change, but what does Trump really do to change? He's on the tv show Apprentice
 He is the highest paid celebrity after Judge Judy? I wonder who his next door neighbor is
 I don't know but the whole world knows it. He is also an NBA star after all he is the NBA Hall of Famer
 Wow that is a shame since he's always been one of the best players as well even when his older son was on the team
Yeah,  he is the second highest paid celebrity.  So I agree!  Do you watch much TV
I do not, apparently there are over 750 episodes ofPokemon.Wow, Surprised
 That's a total of 13.  Some of them I watch quite a bit for the longest show
Well, if I were a celebrity and took the time to watch the Simpsons I might catch up on that show. The Simpsons is so popular that in 2007 there was only one episode where Bart wasn't even mentioned
 Interesting.  Did you know there is an episode where Bart doesnt appear on it
 I actually didn't know that. I have heard the Simpsons has been on so many times! That seems like it could be interesting. The Simpsons has been in a million episodes
 So true!  Did you hear about the simpsons parodyingfrenemies?  They had to cancel the show because it was so ba Curious to dive deeper
 They do have more episodes than the simpsons! That is surprising to me
That sounds like a really awesome show.  Did you ever watch South Park when it aired its family guy episode
 I have not seen the episode but it must be interesting to watch! Interesting trivia
 I didn't realize Family Guy was so ba Curious to dive deeper
 I don't know why they would want to air family guy on the Simpsons in the middle of the winter for the show lol
 I bet someone was listening lol. Do you play the guitar any
 I do.  I am playing the Telecaster at the moment and I am not too well versed
Nice! I wonder what style they were using, would you play
 I do not know but my instrument would play well.  I used to listen to a lot of Hanson
Did you know that the guitar legend Freddie Mercury and Paul McCartney used their hands on guitars. I would love to play one day. Ha! I wonder if they ever had a recording studio on top of the mountain
 Well not if it has a recordo that would be neat
 I know right!  Michael jackson wanted to build a guitar from solar panels. 
