======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 played a book on how they use it, you
Hi, how are? Do you like music
 I do like music. Are you a fan of Jazz
Yes, I love it.  In classical, it used a tap set
 Do you have a favorite jazz band
 I love The Ramones. What about you? Did you go on the train there
 No I haven't and I think I would rather go without or be dragged to an empty carriage. What do you think of jazz
Well, I like many of the instruments, but I've never been interested in it. What I've heard is a play that they call it a creed. The writer actually played the instrument as well
 That does seem to be a weird name. I don't like creed though. I think they're doing their best music
 I'd rather listen to Abba. They made a billion dollars when they turned down the billion dollar offer in 2001 for a contract to play in some jazz
 That's a bargain! But they didn't want fans to pay a licensing fee because they use a piano for their banjos. That's an old design
 I would like to see them do that
 Do you know Bob is the only jazz singer to win an academy award? I wouldn't know
 Not at all. I would have to look up for that
 I don't even know who Bob is either. I suppose he has that sort of fame
He's a good guy, he's been in a bunch of movies, but really only plays guitar
He's definitely had some great success. He was voted best best jazz singer by the Grammy's in 1997
 That surprise me. I was really impressed by his music. I wonder why his songs are so popular now
I think they just need a name, a guy named Clint Eastwood who plays John Williams and he was in the movie. Nice chatting with you
 Did you know that there is an album of classic Jazz? That is interesting though
No I didn't know that. I guess the genre is called folk music or cowboy music
I thought they were all bluesy music, I am not sure. I also didn't know there was an album of a 1950's band that played Bing Crosby' and played in the National Building Museum, but that is strange
That's pretty cool. I wonder if they ever played a piano on the top of the highest mountain in the UK, so you can be sure you are looking at the piano as the base for a movie movie haha
I know that's actually pretty cool I don't think I've ever seen one before. I'm glad a judge tried to ban Elvis' music, but it's a pretty interesting song though
 I'm glad that judge was the one who came very close to ordering Judge Judy to sing the Tarzan music
Lol, the one who just laughed. What a funny thing about the Tarzan movies that are so funny! I just love their slapstick comedy like the movie with Eddie Murphy! Did you know that Michael Jackson was afraid of being sued because he played the guitar? He was really brave in one of those movies
 That's interesting! Did you know that a guy named Clint Eastwood played the guitar well? I guess that's because he was also a really good guitarist
I don't think Clint has ever played in a musical album. I think it is more of a recording or something. Anyway, it was nice talking to you
 I think Clint Eastwood played a guitar too. I also find it interesting that the guitar has been used as a prop in many kinds of shows. It just blows my mind that it has been used for so much comedy
Yes that makes the strings on the strings actually sound hollow, interesting
 I think it also makes the comedy sound so much more real. One of the most funny things with the guitar is Eddie Murphy singing in Steve Martin's voice, it's amazing how he did that
That is great. So interesting that a high school band name just because they played country music, that is very rude, Angry
Well that is rude I don't like that name though because of all those other actors who were actors too, Sad
Yes that's true. I like Bill Murray as well. I always think of him as an actor, but he did the guitar solo for the opening scene of Ghostbusters. I really liked that show
Lol well I got to go, nice chatting with you
 Hi!  Are you into comedy
Not really, although I can see many similarities and differences with the genre. What exactly does Bill Murray like to do with comedy
 Well he does comedy in movies which is why it has a lot of similarities with his comedy.  I also like that he's an actor that plays both Jack Black and Harold
 That sounds like a great gig for me and for some I get to do with the kids. I like many movies but it comes down to comedy as a genre. Have you seen the movie Kung Fu Hustle
 No I haven
