======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 one big space race. I did not live in the same town as a geocaching. That is an interesting thing to learn
 Did you find anything interesting in it
 I think it's called the Extraterrestrials but it's in Italy. It's about space traveling around earth to the outer planets
 That is interesting. I like to read all about
 Me too. Did you know that the earth is not a satellite of the sun
 That's crazy! I'd assume that since the earth has 71% CO2 in it that it's not a satellite of the sun
 I'd also assume that since we're on a 24 hour perio human activity account that account. I guess we are only a small part of the solution to the problem of a 24 hour perio we are destroying the planet
 It is amazing to know that human activity has destroyed over 80% of the terrestrial forests and caused such a big loss of habitat that 80% has been taken by aliens
Yes, I know about that. I've heard a lot of interesting stuff
The earth is also one of the four rings around the equator, it's not surprising that it is the center and the bulge is the equator. I wonder why the earth rotate faster than other moons
That is a crazy fact, I think that the earth is rotating sideways and not spinning so fast. There is also a planet where you can actually observe the earth with instruments
 I haven't gone to a planet recently. But I'll be posting a news story tomorrow about the planet's future if that is possible
 I want to go to a planet so when is Venus. I live in Alabama
 Venus is actually one of the earth's moon's moon zones. And if you want to go to one of them have someone drive you there for a long time then you will be able to be there
 That's interesting indeed. I guess you can make a radio out of a razor blade and a pencil
 I'm going to go listen for Jupiter's storms on the radio right now
 Nice chatting with you
Hi, how are you today
Hi, I am well. What about you
I am well, thanks. What about you? I enjoy reading
I am reading about something else, but this is a news story. The FBI is preparing a plot against a French President
 I wonder if anyone from the White House is in that plot
The only person would be France, but how does that happen. If a foreign government were to come to power, it would cause chaos and anarchy
 I hope they have a case to look for that plot
I bet the FBI has some theories, but there is only one answer, because there is no one answer, everyone seems to have an opinion
 Did you know that the White House was shot at
 No. I believe it was on August  1
I think that there is a conspiracy? I find it fascinating that the white house was shot at, but only 7 days later the Secret Service was alerted
 Yes. I believe they were planning that
I also think it was a coincidence that the white house was shot at? I believe the name, White House, is based on the founder of the company, John Wilkes Booth
 They might have wanted to know if someone had rigged the election or not. It might have been a case of incompetence. It was not a case of incompetence
 True. I also wonder if the name White House is a synonym for the president
 Probably the name as well. There may have been a group of people that found out the runner up of an election would become the vice president. We just don't have a president named President banana
 Haha. I wonder where that name came from. You know that a former president of Indonesia is set to be the first African American president
Well, no other African American president
 That sounds about right. Did you ever think the runner up automatically became the vice president
 I actually did not think so. I think the same has happened in our country. Do you know where the Library of Congress is
 I think that we have a copy of the Library of Congress of an invention that was never realized by anyone at the time
 I agree. I guess the history of the white house is a bit more complicated when you consider that the White House is located at 1600 Fifth Avenue in Washington D.C
 Oh I am sure. I wonder if there is a copy of the internet since the White House wouldn't allow people to post their selfies on it
 I wonder that too. The White House is much more private than the White House at that point. People take selfies at the White House and keep it on their phones. I guess they are in a state called secrecy
 I suppose that is true from a privacy perspective. Would you feel sad if it became public knowledge? I think many do not even know what to do with it
 No I would feel terrible too. Maybe you would get fired from the government or something
 I would love to have
