======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 to have some 🙂
oh no, I'd better not to be at dinner then likely cause I'm in the US for lunch. What are you planning to do for the weekend?
nice! hotelier likely interest in that city. what about you?
well, I'm gonna go grab a drink before the trip to <REDACTED_TERM> Continuity Failure <REDACTED_TERM>
Oh nice! you remember, that?
I think so. it's too dangerous for kids and pets. I just got back from driving around <REDACTED_TERM> Some hackers.
hacking based profession?
ok. what does your profession mean?
I hack. everyday. I can't remember what profession it was.
I'm not really a computer scientist, but I know it sounds very impressive.
Hi!
Hello!
how's your day going?
Good so far. How's yours?
Ehhh so-so. My moped broke down on the way to work this morning and I am in the shop getting it fixed.
Oh! That's bad! how long will it take to get it fixed?
The mechanic is trying to figure that out now. Apparently I wasn't supposed to be using diesel lol.
Haha! Hope it doesn't take too long. Let me know if you are able to make it for lunch.
Okay sounds good. Would you be able to pick me up by the way, if they don't finish up here in time? Did you drive to work today?
Oh, I have a packed schedule today at work. I will find time in about an hour. Let me know if that works.
That should be fine I think. Did you catch the Warriors game last night btw?
no, i was busy catching up with a friend. I heard they played really well. Rooting for them this season 🙂 Ahh, they lost again 😞 Things aren't going to be too good until Steph gets better! Oh! I think they will find a way. The team still looks too strong to me.
Haha I appreciate your faith, but their record thus far is hard to refute!
hehehe, i am true fan! Well anyways let me know how the repair work goes. I need to run now for a meeting. ttyl
Hi
Hello!
any improvements in your marathon time?
No, only a few minutes. I still find it difficult to run long races
I see. Are you planning to do any sporting events in the coming months?
I think a triathalon would be cool
I like doing Spartan race. It's an obstacle race which is challenging but not overtly so like marathons and triathlons
I haven't heard of a Spartan race before, what does it involve?
It has abt0 obstacles like crossing high walls, monkey bars, etc. Its fun
oh wow a full obstable course. that does sound fun! I like the variety
Wanna sign up for next one? Its in February in Monterey
hmm that sounds very soon. would there be enough time to train? I think I would like to try one later in the year
:-2 months is a good amount of time, if you workout regularly. It's a lot about the technique, which we can practice in training sessions.
ok, sign me up. it's more fun to do it with friends
Awesome! There is a training ground in San Jose. Will coordinate with you next time we go for practice.
Sounds good!
Hi!
Hey, how are you doing?
I'm great, thanks. I'm getting ready for a skydiving lesson.
ooh, nice. That sounds adventurous. Where is it?
Right near my home townSeville, Spain.
Awesome! Is this the first time you are diving?
Yes. I'm feeling a little trepidatious. Have you done it before?
Nope, never! I know a couple of friends who have. They mentioned its absolutely terrifying. Good luck!
Haha thanks! Have you tried any extreme sports?
I tried skiing and white water rafting. Does that count as extreme?
White water rafting, definitely! As for skiing, that depends on how fast you go. Do you ski a lot?
nope, whenever I went fast I fell badly
I tried skiing once, and by the end of the beginner class I was able to make it down a baby-sized slope. I was very proud of myself.
Yeah, they make you do that. I also tried going down the baby slope, but my stopping wasn't perfect, and I mostly fell at the end
Hey, so long as you get to the bottom, it's all good!
Hi!
hey, whats up?
I was not able to attend the lectures last week. Can you help me understand some concepts?

