======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 any of your life at the moment?
I enjoy living though! What about you?
I think I'd prefer to stay in the past, but that's completely fine. I've tried getting outseas, but keeping my activities routine would be nice. How about you?
I think I'd prefer to live in the past, when it was more manageable. Doing some traveling these holidays!
What's a lot of travel in you?
BRIEF! I'm coming to terms with the fact that we are human.
See also: Aadhar, your fingerprints?
Oh, very cool! I tried them just once. Good luck with that!
Phew, I'll check them later. How did you do them?
I cut the toes off one piece and stuck it in my Tahoe. Nice! What kind of travel routine did you follow?
I normally follow the same things, except I cut my toes last week. Wow! This is really cool! May be wrong on that
Sure, in every town I went to, there was a local who made him sign up for Lyft. During the sign up, he was asked to give away the number of hours he worked. Two coworkers also had work days, so it was a lot of fun.
Oooo the other co-worker was a fish salesman! I'll bet the desk was full of fish when we started up, and took many hugs and embraces.
We are all very grateful for your time and hard work. I will always hold your hand in prayer when we get old, but I know it can be a match made in heaven.
That's true. In our current culture, honoring those who have died with faith and hope is seen as a match made in heaven. There's a difference between heaven and hell. Heaven is short for Haitian Gravity Well. To be more accurate, it's the second story in a series. Heaven may be short for Haitian America, but they're generally accepted in the United States as being closer to the Asian quarter.
Oh, and the Asian quarter is actually more common. I haven't heard of a time in my life where both cities areples. Ever been to both cities?
No, I haven't. There are definitely cities in India, mostly in southern India. Tamil Nadu and Himachal Pradesh.
Wow, I've visited Himachal Pradesh before, and they are both in the southern part of the state.
I think I'm copying you. Me and my family have visited Himachal Pradesh in the past.
I hope we don't cross your property, and only see the homes that have BJP leaders in them. In that case, we may ask for and get donated land.
The family is already out there. What do you plan to do about visiting your house?
Get a bucket list created yourself. I then go up front and list all the things that will happen there. Then I ask the host if there are any places I can visit. The GOTVs say yes, they allow for all ages and lots of variety.
Ha, that is a large family setting. Plus, there's also this whole "giant fish" thing that's being said but really, why are they even talking about it?
We fought the project for five years and finally pulled through. I love it! Do you know any good places to visit?
We had a big meal. It was casual but we also had sides. We couldn't be more specific.
Ha, that is a side meal. And yes, it was delicious. We had a hooting stereo system with channels for channels, replaying channels, etc.
Perfect. Ha, that is a lot of fun. We decided to leave the main street for the gymnasiums though. We did run out of space at the bottom.
Oh shame we didn't have a gymnasium nearby 🙂 What did you do before?
I dedicated some time coaching and helping kids through their Kindergarten to 3rd grade. I Mix It and Take It for fun and games.
Lol. Didn't that make you feel special?
Yes. I just played a game and put a sticker on my car.
Oh wow. Kind of like a candy bar, but it's real easy to drop.
I'm not sure it is. I learned a lot over the years. Like a menu or by yourself?
I'm not sure. I just know it's in my theme.
Ahh... you started then.
I don't know what happened. I thought I'd put the word out there. Hope your format makes it easier to find.
I tried to visit a few of my family's here and they said they cannot make dinner together.
I hope they make time to do something special. My family lives there but we split the time between work and travel.
What destinations did you go to over the holiday?
I went to New York,
