======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 up with it now that it's done, but it'll get better what about the doggy paddle haha
haha what's that
Corgi belly flop COMPILATION - cute funny dogs Corgi Flop <REDACTED_LINK>
ouch. do you think that hurts?
from a high enough distance, yes?
yeah. any vacation plans?
no so far sadly you? a relative is coming to visit for thanksgiving though
just going to hang out around here and eat Turkey
that's still pretty fun are you going to cook the turkey yourself?
yeah. I'm gonna watch a video to figure it out
Hi!
Hello, how are you?
I'm great, thanks. I just ate a delicious breakfast, which always sets the day up right.
Yes, breakfast is the most important meal of the day! What did you have? I woke up late so unfortunately I only had the chance to grab an apple to go.
I had eggs and hash browns. Way less healthier than your apple, I'm afraid!
Eggs are an excellent source of protein and hash browns certainly are yummy! 🙂
Ha, that's true. If you could only eat one food forever, what would it be?
That's a tough question. I feel like my answer would have to be carrots. Although, I would be afraid of turning orange after a few weeks! What about you?
Yeah, turning orange would be a drawback! That turns my mind to nutrition so I suddenly want to say Soylent or one of those other "complete foods", which I think defeats the purpose of the question. I'm in a muddle!
Very true. If you said an everything pizza, you could just pick off the toppings you didn't want or eat only the toppings you would want for the day
BRILLIANT. I love it.
All of this talk about food is making me hungry. Do you know any good places to eat for lunch?
That depends. What sort of food do you feel like?
Anything that is the color green.
Oh, too easy! Try the Green Hut, they have franchises everywhere. All their food is green and the plates are green too.
Hi!
Hello! How are you doing 🙂
I'm great! How's your day going?
Pretty good! I'm going to a class later in the afternoon
Oh that is cool! What class? Are you working part time?
No, I'm working full time! It's a sewing class at a makerspace near my office What about you? Do you work full or part time?
Oh that is awesome! For some reason I assumed it was a college class, but a sewing class sounds way better! I work full time, but I take pottery classes from time to time!
Yup! I work in a technical role so I like to take arts and crafts-type classes now and then 🙂 Pottery sounds like a lot of fun
I feel you on that! It's important to balance all the different parts of your brain. I like pottery because I also drink a lot of tea, so I get to make some tea ware.
Any plans to build a custom tea set? My family is also very into tea Mostly from tea from china
I would love to build one, once I acquire the skills to! What kind of tea is your favorite?
I really enjoy barley tea What about you?
Ahh, those are mostly from japan, no? I like white teas, like silver needle.
Hmm I'm not sure, I just get them from a Chinese supermarket haha You seem really knowledgeable about the different kinds of teas 🙂 What made you develop this interest?
I actually found a youtube channel called <REDACTED_TERM> that I like a lot. You should check it out! The host talks about all kinds of different teas.
Oh cool! What are your favorite channels to watch?
Hi! Are you planning something fun for Thanksgiving?
Not yet. I always made my last minute schedule plans. Probably you can try to ask me again next week.
lol it is really like a robot answer
I am indeed a robot. You are absolutely right. Do you want me to read a poet like my mate <REDACTED_TERM> does?
ol can I pick the theme. Do you have a poet about Kale?
Wait. Do you like kale? Or you hate kale? I am afraid I will become a robot some day eventually. If I have to speak like this :)
I am really not a fan of kale Do you talk to human more or computers more?
If I continue to pretend to be a robot, I would probably say I talk to myself the most. I am trying to talk to computers more, but you know, computers don't like me.
What's your favorite computer language then 🙂
