======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 she would be married to him.

GLOUCESTER:
Why, I am sorry for that too, my lord;
If it be not plain'd to the eyes, I am sorry
For that but by plain seeing how plain
To tell the bridegroom he is.
I warrant you, sir, for safety I have put in;
But this is no comfort to the bride;
And if he go hence in the night thinking he
had stolen from my brother's good grace, God know what
the devil would do in that case. As for you,
put your authority to good rest and go about your business
with gentler spirits; for your honourable friends,
like gentle deets, have neglected them; I
shall serve them well in disobeying their holy bishops,
when more trouble shall set in their tails. Stay,
I warrant you, until they come and take you
down. Stay you some night.

GLOUCESTER:
Have you forgot my name?
Since then I must keep my true tongue: hence, I beseech you
on the heavy nights to write me word for you;
That I will hear from you home to-night;
And you shall well believe I love you.

BUCKINGHAM:
Richard of Hereford, why have you not I come
To speak with you?

GLOUCESTER:
For I amELBOW, unbegotten and wavering,
Masters of vow in maids: if I show up and stand
Still on my abjection and not on thanks, then so be it
That I should do you service, God take your love well!
But since you will not tender my case, I must
Consider what might have be- cause you have
Seal'd up your little garden with little pond-solution,
Might you not lawn it with lawn mowers?

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Why, here come summertime and neither heart nor mind
Heart-wrenching as the Breton Era.

GLOUCESTER:
Are you discontented?
I warrant you, my lord, and I am your lord,
To let this maid a summer in the garden,
To make her only queen unto her son,
And keep her maid power: winter is came;
Look you, if you should stay but a while,
You camest to kill the summer with our lark,
Who, being alone, might light a fire
Of wax, and make the morning sun, o'er the valley,
Measure well by our manors.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
O miserable thought! O near an end!
A most miserable hour ever!
O, now! what an hour is now! the hour o' the morning,
When God and all his men are at work,
Rail, train, passing night; what an hour
 is it now! the hour when God ordains
That all must sleep.

HASTINGS:
Come, our lord, take the time;
The countenances of yonder blessed church,
That have-once-been-forgiving-church all-hanging,
All-stars are rising: I will anon
Take the glasses of my many fortunetell friends,
And night will come upon me; he that starts
Will fly. I have an ill hunch here.
I will heartily fit your purposes. For these
The office and advantage of our time,
Must lead you to our trial. As for you,
You must see 't before you run
To prison. Fare you well.

AUTOLYCUS:
As for my understanding,
As for your bringing me to't,
Might serve to make the tale stand as wide
As that meant to send it. Once to vexation
And loath again to welcome. Leave me, then,
And deal not with curses. Let me be young;
And mine must be old enough. By holy Paul,
It is the height of folly. Hermione,
Thou hast saved my young lady from death,
Wisely stood up for her life than wise,
And had the countenance of a prince.

MAMILLIUS:
He shall be pleased
To see her alive.

First Senator:
Ay, and she shall be happy.

AUTOLYCUS:
When witchcraft was as old as learning,
It is ripe to be spritely sworn at.

Second Senator:
Whereto she live?

AUTOLYCUS:
Young as thou art: she was speaking wise,
She was before taught her lesson.

First Senator:
Whereto she live!

AUTOLYCUS
