======== SAMPLE 1 ========
!
The sun is shining, and all's well.
Hast thou but stumbled all this forth?
Was never sword so noted: it is true a piece
of poetry.

KING RICHARD III:
What said York when he fell to the ground?
And what said Henry when he fell to the ground?

BUCKINGHAM:
'Twas he, that often used foot.

KING RICHARD III:
Ay, whores! fell thou to the ground? what you
 said, what you cried, what you flaunted.
Ho, say you? where were thy ox? when did thee
fall? what cried you, what was your question, what
meant by our troop? came you thither?

BUCKINGHAM:
When I first came hither, as I may say,
Went the length of the lane in an hour;
I then spake of fellies, of the lighter day;
Then said good-mast speed, spake thou wot, were it
More than a piece of paper. When the
yard-circuit did thy husk cry, I spake of
the design of thee being run, as I did
nepraste.

KING RICHARD III:
Well, cheerly: I have forsworn thy
inferment, but am 't as truth.

BUCKINGHAM:
I cannot vouch for thy good: if I do, keep
your letters, which I have with an open mind;
and keep thou both awhile.

KING RICHARD III:
If thou dost, keep me record of it;
and therefore return to my castle straight;
And, if thou dost, report to my back;
and to my back, I must not miss.

BUCKINGHAM:
Go, mighty Richmond, to the regal throne.

GLOUCESTER:
I warrant thee, mighty Buckingham, and you,
And all the English at arms, both Oxford,
Do; that with the crown, of the crowning Roman,
The falling of that city's rock, the fall of
That arch-enemy, that carcase-pot,
Is wrought--ah, it is wrought!--
By this royal king, whose daughter wasDownloadha
When she was a babe- babe at your palace;
And to this nebulous prince, whose daughter wasDownloadha
Even now at your elbow, I say--ah, it is wrought
By wings; for all those unfeigned
Unyielding eyes of middle-aged Buckingham
Could wink and nod as we did, half a mile,
To see the same dream now or dream another.
Thus privy is the palace, vista, vista:
The duke's coming; nay, nay, farther than ere
The ebb-darting burthen of Buckingham. Go, good Buckingham, go;
Thieves o' the state rush to the monument.
Back with thy soldiers; if Buckingham tear through this gate
And sack Buckingham, I'll sack thee too: good Buckingham, back;
Down with thy lads and rid them of thy lads.

GLOUCESTER:
What dost thou, gentle gentle gentle my lord?
If thou art deceived, God send the king
A power to make thee confess thy guilt:
Back with rid'steth faces and straight are we,
Though we be from forth the city.

BUCKINGHAM:
My faith, my lord
My mind, my lord.

GLOUCESTER:
Come, Warwick, come hither, I'll trial thee.
Tush, tush, tush, tush.
Come, Warwick, hither, abode.

WARWICK:
O Ned, I forgot thee; thou wast not yet call'd
By my countrymen. Dost thou forget me, Warwick?
O God, I should forget thee too. Dost thou forget me,
A plague o' the house of Lancaster is here pile'd;
And King Lewis' watch should be capital here.
I must forget thee at some time, for beholding
Richard's people have taken thy place.

RICHARD:
Norfolk, so it is: behold, a welkin thou art,
For making a bloody peace with Richard's house
Without help of his sword: hither, more ere evening,
We'll give thee confirmation of that purpose.

QUEEN MARGARET:
That I may be husband to her after me.

QUEEN BERRY:
And she shall be Warwick's wife, not Henry.

WARWICK:
A master's daughter for a good master's.

First
