======== SAMPLE 1 ========


PRINCE:
Why at all am I thus abused at thee?
Thou shalt never marry me to thy weak and drunkard's shame.
Thou wast my cousin Juliet when I was Romeo's love;
I love thee better than I do believe myself.
I am a bastard, not a cousin,
Dared to be with thee like myself;
My revenge shall be in vain; let my tongue speak.
Why, so never my father's daughter.
Myself I am, to draw that fault more out
Than by myself: myself and my cousin
Are well married, and will marry if
Whom we set free on terms more fair.
Boldly I say, I will make good my stale
By correcting my faults before him.

PRINCE:
Thou art well said to have been the fattest cousin
And clemished for holding a second life,
Or haughty valour, jarring a noble steed,
Rather than be sprung, caught, banished, avoided;
Or, like a baggage, lost in the weight of night
With no seat or shares of paradise?
Well I say, I will show thee both what's past, present, or
truly shall befall thee, if thou deny the golden crown
Which thy father so revell'd and like;
And what his virtues are with thee, as may
Stillst thrive with him depending?
If he be thus answer'd, not more remains
But my powerful edict, which is now execution'd,
And cannot go unlettered.
O gentle Romeo, whom I so call friend!
Yet long have I loved thee better than ever
He fell in love with my sister's babe.
Be not so hasty to confound my meaning:
Let an hour be, or two be, brief;
The more his happy words, that now they come to me,
I'll confound them. For Edward, as good
As I am, let him have the fatherland:
Why, that's a warrant for me to confound yet
What I am wanting. Will you go with me,
And be soon signified?

PRINCE:
What, my lord?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
What, hand from Richard? there, murder you instantly!
Ah, my bloody hand, revenges so powerful
That the broken bones of slaughter-house pence
Leap to the bloody wind and kill at once!
What, hands from Richard! that unmusic for me,
The trees that stand to my left and to my right,
Blush that kill my boy Edward with sadness,
Which wars not with my furious heart. Ah,
Henry, Warwick and the rest that slew us all!
Now, by my son, by my kingdom I may be thought
Of feeding the hungry, son-honourable,
When, on my son's death, we burst his strong arm,
And from his belly we slew him.
What Warwick to the wretch that lives to see
That resolution struck him, which he did grant,
And with thy roar defy all odds!
These words, words thou speak'st, I murder'd, Richard!

WARWICK:
What were I Murderer to fight with such terror?
Myself, I follow'd and the bloody deed,
Richard, Montague, Clifford, Grey, were all kill'd.

RICHARD:
OffENCE, my lord! Why dost thou turn aside,
To fight with his bloody chop?kill him both,
And dissemble no house in the ground where
He had that tenderly faced the Tribunes.

EDWARD:
Montague, take his place;
Let him leave this body and mourn thy loss.

RICHARD:
Richard, take his fear from me;
I will dissemble my purposes to thy heart,
And do my part, affecting thy prime,
To shock thy peace with dissembling hate.
Be gentle, then; keep thy peace and honour.

EDWARD:
I'll to him; I will lodge my grievances;
And be in tune with his spirit.

RICHARD:
Alas, not for my head to hear them! I
Dissemble my policy to him, letting him go.

EDWARD:
Let him hence; let him walk;
Being hurt, sits he upon the side of hope;
Being hurt's child, thou let'st not be of that hope.
Be patient, gentle my lord: I'll pardon thee
If not my acts of compassionately, at least
That I may practise patience and mercy
For hurtling Montague, that slaughter'd his son.
O Richard, Montague, my son
