======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 VENESIO:
Be that as your skill is, let me go
No farther than that and call my troth
From myself. Give me my mistress' arms
And I'll embrace her and bid her haste her ways
I'll alone kiss the ground and say 'Thanks, sister.'
Now, now my company is spread: if you
wonder what's come to us, let us at once send
home, by e-mail, all of your e-resignations' affairs
To Saint Paul's Church, Baptista, immediate on
Your pleasure: there will be no meeting of houses
Until we at once send home these hoarding complaints
All by myself. Give me your mistress' arms
And I'll embrace her and bid her ways
I'll alone kiss the ground and say 'Thanks, sister.'

First Lady:
Kind love, most sweet love!

Second Lady:
And you, most true love; I kiss my sweet master.

First Lady:
And you, most false, I will kiss the ground
And say 'Thanks, sister.'

Second Lady:
You shall not hear me, I vow you!

CAPULET:
Come, madam?
You kiss the plant; and let my mistress say 'Thanks,'
Or I'll say 'Thanks, sister,' and she shall say 'Jesu,
For coming so long.' You take your leave, and call me
Your mistress: I'll use it happily in future.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
I do defy your height: you are so old, I
think your skill appeals to your skill: go with me,
and be gone, when my skill shall call me good.

CAPULET:
What, foolish boy!

EXTON:
Go, girl, fetch him some toys.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
What, foolish boy!
I am amazed.

CAPULET:
Why, Exeter, you talk'd so well of a kingdom:
Too long I yet knew a cause why I should
should dream of a kingdom; but now I see
I cannot bring myself so fondly to think of it.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
How darkly did you come to be this night,
That you seeming from sleep now to feel it,
Dismiss the port and sky, the earth?

First Lady:
Within i' the moon: one thing struck me above
Upon the peace of the year was too light,
And so struck me down this deep night,
That, till I straight heaved, straight ran on
Like a heavy ship in her maiden wave.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
How darkly did you come to be this night,
That you seeming from sleep now to feel it,
Dismiss the sun, moon, or heaven,
For every morning, every minute of every day
The sun, moon, or heaven is up, and all,
Is like a napkin in mine service,
Of years past and past, being but one wink
Of this golden sun, in a dotage much
Of ages long standing. How white
Is the drift, how many millions seem to be
Upon this night, and how many parts yet do
Not part like one another: all parts alike
Are like to be the minutes in their hours
And the parts sometime in their times past
Do nothing like the times we call noon and
Do call our wars long and doing; all times past
Like hours do lump'd in imaginary time
And do glory like imaginary hours
Do do stand still and do not part, being
The times past, imaginary hours do lump'd
In imaginary numbers do lump'd in imaginary times
Do nothing like the times we call noon and
Dull things called time do lump'd in imaginary numbers
Do nothing like the great and small tides
Do lump'd in imaginary minutes do lump'd
In imaginary minutes, but do part still
In doing like the great Neptune and the
Great Tartar do.

QUEEN:
How darkly and how distinctly
Do you set the sun and moon
On each side, and how slight
Do you hurry the fire to it, and how light
Do you set on a side and light on a side
And how hot they mutually light on the other
Do set your sun on both and will both
Heat your blood on both and be no coward, no
bebeter your foes on both and sweat your
knees on both and be no sharper than yourself
Do set your kern to the joint what may
From hence you should hang, if possible, both
As you should wish your kern
To be tid'd more just and less tedious
In your succession of offenders
Till
