======== SAMPLE 1 ========
IZES:
Come hither, Citizen Friar.
I pray we take this ungovern'd highway,
Which now it wants must be ran;
Who being sirs, are to be found no more
Than gentlemen of honour.

Citizen:
Great men
Do wear seat and the throne of the king;
And if they repent their sins, the place,
Shall the king in triumph.

PRINCE EDWARD:
Be it with the King to pardon us!

KING HENRY VI:
Poor Buckingham, how he comforts, he blesses
The royal person!

BUCKINGHAM:
If it please your highness to do this,
Why take it on me?

KING HENRY VI:
No;'t; nor chief justice royally.
Meantime, I beseech you, lords, take me
To your highness:--for I have been billeted
With Margaret:--learn me to knot you in
My Breton palazzo; fetch over these warrants
And give over your conference-house keys:
Take me with your lordship; no farther than
The Hague; and I advise you, ladies,
As this my government will be meet yours.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Ay, and for better shelter against desert.

GEORGE:
If your grandsire say no, no, I'll make him pay
By keeping his own lands and by all paying
With the instalment of obedience.

GEORGE:
Ay, and for doing worthy men but little
We'll make him sowl and me am fellow-servant.

QUEEN MARGARET:
Why then, good lords, give me this rock;
I'll never down yet life or death.
A crystal ball shall our young prince blast
Upon the midnight waves of this night.

KING HENRY VI:
The happy sovereign will I live by night
And give out figures of his power to
The by-night throng of your confederate soldiers.

QUEEN MARGARET:
The numbers that I've sworn for the victory
Are in my head, and enumerate all
Your power and your wants, as well as those
That you covet. Go make the detours that I set
For sweet gain and for love of father, queen.
Give voice to your voices, and voice your voices!

FRIARTH:
We can do't without losing voice:
Tell your voices, fair noble lords,
And sing their praises before they cry treason!

KING HENRY VI:
We will :
As we have borne accusation from thee,
From thy lady, thy Paris, and thy son
From thy Mars, so we have borne it even from thee,
From false accusation from false Paris.
A plague upon thee! O single fall of thy knee,
Two against thy head, O blot on thy face!
Three for confessing, one for receiving!
Why dost thou wring so water from a serpent's tail,
Four, in Thy holidomenum Mars, but the root
Keeps the wind from his passage, and not the tide?
Turn thy back, and call back again the buckets,
The water-drops, the rushes, the rushes, the rushes!
What hast thou said? thyself and thy lady are come
To prison, like to many a tedious detour
That tear us all to pieces. Go, deputy, return again.

KING HENRY VI:
Sound, bold and bold, my Lord of Warwick:
Command these enemies to the walls.

FRIAR THOMAS:
Now is the winter of our discontent
Made glorious the time that we have spent in peace
In blazing forth your fiery steeds.

WARWICK:
Be that thy daring is tyrannical,
Or both my statutes of pardon,
As your highness seeks to impose a tyrant.
Romeo will something hear thee speak.

KING HENRY VI:
If thou deny, not ' Jinn upon the gates,
Unless thou wilt stand against them and break them,
Or else fly. Wherein's I that would take this axe,
To tear down all sort of statutes:
That which the offenders regard as unclean,
And garlic; false zeal: wherein come the statutes?

WARWICK:
These are the statutes that I have broke, and am to look on:
These I will make before my Lord Northumberland
To see if the king's proclamation sit,
That all sorts of lewd hues be put to me,
As lewd apparel and lusty acts of swearing,
As lewd looks and smiles,
