======== SAMPLE 1 ========
5 (I think this one is the quiet one). She'll be so kind as a warm body wash doesn't irritate your skin, and it stays on pretty well." —Michelle G.

Get it from Amazon for $24.99.

7. A cruelty-free and vegan makeup "melt" — aka a balm-to-oil cleanser that removes makeup like a dream while working to nourish skin. It has natural antibiotic properties and can even be used for cuticles, new tattoos, frizzy fly-aways, and lil' scrapes!
 
This stuff is absolutely heaven-sent, and a little goes such a long way. It's become one of my favorite things in my skincare collection — not to mention it travels well and comes in the cutest container.

Promising review: "Soon I will be 63, so I have used many makeup removers, and this is the best one I have ever used! Just a small amount, between a dime and a nickel, and your makeup is gone! Amazing! Thank you for your fabulous product!" —Vicki

Get it from Clove + Hallow for $29.

8. An apple corer that doubles as a peeler (for any fruit or veggie) because we could all use more gadgets to make cookin' a little easier. Just think, you could make so many apple pies with total ease using this!

Promising review: "OH MY GOSH! I knew my old vegetable peeler was dull but I sure didn't realize how dull. This OXO peeler peels a pile of potatoes so fast. Like peeling butter. Every time I use this peeler, it just blows my mind. I am so amazed at how sharp it is. I actually put the little guard back on it so that no one grabs the blade end by mistake. I have used it so far for cucumbers, potatoes, sweet potatoes, and carrots. Sure makes the peeling job go a lot faster. Oh and it does fit your hand perfectly." —Rose M.

Get it from Amazon for $8.99.

9. A sleek tumbler (available in TONS of colors and sizes) so affordable, you might as well get one for your home *and* desk at work
 
It even comes with two lids and straws — one for cold beverages and a lid for warmer drinks (like coffee or tea!).

Promising review: "I bought the all-black version and it's beautiful. Not only that, but the interchangeable tops and two plastic straws!!! I'm so excited to be saving the whales and looking amazing in the process. I should ask for commission on the sales of this because all of my coworkers want one now. Another great part that I don't think the description mentions, there's NO condensation AT ALL. I also accidentally left half an iced-coffee WITH CUBES in here for nine hours and when I came home the cubes were still there and the coffee was still cold. ALSO, I have tiny hands which sometimes makes holding things difficult. But the 16-oz size is tall and slim and easy to carry/fit in small bags. 20/10." —jacklynn ramos

Get it from Amazon for $13.99+ (available in four sizes, 42 prints/colors, and customizable text).

10. A stain repellent spray for your pricier handbags that'll create an invisible protective layer and ward off the evils of rain and denim stains.

Promising review: "I LOVE this stuff! I have several high end purses and was struggling with dye transfer from my jeans. Now, each time I buy a purse I treat it with this first, and I have no more troubles with my purses turning blue!" —MTHealthyLiving

Get it from Amazon for $14.95.

11. A pack of bottle-cleaning tablets that'll get into all those hard-to-reach places to rid your bottles of built-up grime and stinky odors.

Promising review: "I seriously can't believe how well these little tablets work. I had the most disgusting HydroFlask coffee mug...I tried everything. There was still a seemingly impenetrable layer of black sludge inside. I tried these little magic tablets. I let a tablet sit in each of my mugs for an hour or two, and the black sludge rinsed out COMPLETELY, without even scrubbing. They look brand new. No residual smell or taste anymore. AMAZING AMAZING AMAZING." —Amazon Customer

Get a 12-pack from Amazon for $8.

12. A monthly budget planner to get your expenses back on track. It's simple to use and will help you see the bigger picture of your day-to-day spending
