======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 so.

2. A "Buzz" — that is, the moment when a certain amount of force grabs your attention and starts to push you down a conscious process known as dart jumping.

Fall from the tallest building in front of you and onto another person, in a matter of milliseconds.

It's a stunning visual metaphor, but also a terrifying one at that.

Get it from Amazon for $11.93+, Barnes and Noble for $12.88+, or a local bookseller through IndieBound.

3. Number One Chinese Restaurant by Lillian Li
Henry Holt, Margarita Corporan
Draw back the curtains at the Beijing Duck House and meet the multigenerational staff that runs everyone’s favorite Chinese restaurant: Jimmy Han, proprietor and would-be entrepreneur — and girlfriend — of modern-day Beijing.

Get it from Amazon for $13.99+, Barnes and Noble for $14.64+, or a local bookseller through IndieBound.

4. Number One Parksizing by M. Night Shyamalan
Motion Picture Institute of America, National Academy Of Arts, Los Angeles, 1970
Distinguished M.Sc. Honors Scholar in Education from Pennsylvania State University, Altoona, PA
In his first film role, young Phil Lillis becomes a hero to his country's darkest days when he enlists the help of a group of conscientious old men to save the world from a planned terrorist attack. Comprised entirely of conscientious old men, Menachem Begin is a fearless narrator that never forgets his audience’s warnings.

Get it from Amazon for $10.99+, Barnes and Noble for $12.88+, or a local bookseller through IndieBound.

5. Little Fires Everywhere by M. Night Silvana Torres
Del Rey, Little Fires Everywhere is a sensitive novel about a group of middle-aged women who escape the grip of old age by traveling to Peru to experience life under the leadership of famed author Lillian Silvana Torres. The author’s name, Peruvian for "grandmother," is a play on a Spanish phrase that means “one of many,” referring to the wider international eyewitnesses. The story of the Peruvian exodus follows, along with interviews with the women, the authorities, and the people they leave behind.” This is a sensitive novel about a group of conservative young women who flee Peru for the United States, where they will become the first people to die in state custody.

Get it from Amazon for $13.99+, Barnes and Noble for $14.64+, or a local bookseller through IndieBound.

6. The Caged Bird Problem by H. G. Wells
Grove Press, a.k.a. Little Women, is a monthly journal of intimate and multisyllabic writing. Each issue contains written descriptions of sexual encounters, oral sex, and storytelling in the field of animal husbandry. Each issue is formatted to be digestible on a laptop, tablets, or other electronic device. This is a writing journal that is free of advertisements, up to date with recent new technology, and inoffensive enough to be of use to anyone with a laptop or a Kindle.

Get it from Amazon for $2+, Barnes and Noble for $15.95, or a local bookseller through IndieBound.

7. Erotic Stories for Punjabi Widows by Balli Kaur Jaswal
William Morrow, ballijaswal.com
Nikki is the daughter of Indian immigrants who has spent her life avoiding the stifling customs of her family and community. When she lands a job teaching creative writing to a group of Punjabi widows, she encourages them to liberate themselves through story-telling, and soon the women are writing erotic tales that they must keep secret — especially from a group of conservative young men who have named themselves the Brotherhood.

Get it from Amazon for $10.69+, Barnes and Noble for $12+, or a local bookseller through IndieBound.

8. The Wangs vs. The World by Jade Chang
HMH, Teresa Flowers
When one rash act brings self-made millionaire Charles Wang’s makeup empire to the verge of collapse, he embarks on a road trip across the US to collect his loved ones and search for redemption. Told from the perspectives of each member of the Wang family, this is a sharp and comic riches-to-rags story that will make you reconsider the term “model minority.”

Get it from Amazon for $5.87+, Barnes and Noble for $14.95, or a local bookseller through IndieBound.

9. Strange Weather in Tokyo by Hiromi Kawakami
Counterpoint, Hiromi Kawakami
Strange Weather in Tokyo is a sensitive novel about the serendipitous relationship between a middle-aged woman and her old grade school teacher
