======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 decided on a new look, I was so pleased and then he disappeared. I don't know how well it went or if it was meant to be, but it definitely looks different."

—peanutt801

2. "My grandpa had a highly successful furniture store in Pennsylvania. When he passed away, select family members were told he had a secret stash of gold and silver in his home. The stash mysteriously went missing and was never found."

"Soon after, one of his daughters bought a home, put in an in-ground pool, and bought her husband a fully restored classic car. After that, we were all fairly certain who took the loot."

—peanutt801

3. "When my dad died, we found out that he was secretly married to another woman and was using a different name, all while still married to my mother."

—j48fabc480

4. "My cousin was in the military and got arrested for dealing drugs, so he spent 18 months in prison. His parents lied and told everyone he was actually stationed somewhere far away so no one would try to visit him. It's been a few years, but only a couple of us know the truth."

—ellieh4d

5. "A few years ago my uncle became a father and a grandfather on the same day. His long-lost daughter, who was kept secret from him by her mother, tracked him down and introduced both herself and her daughter to him."

"We got a whole new side to our family, and my uncle couldn't be happier."

—l4af1617b5

6. "My cousin H. murdered his girlfriend in the late '60s and joined the military so he wouldn’t be found out. Also, his brother M. was poisoned by his wife while she was in prison for killing their three children."

—j48fabc480

7. "My grandmother's parents tried to pay off my grandpa the night before their wedding so that he'd leave her at the altar. Apparently they didn't think he was good enough for her."

"He declined, and she told my mom.

8. "My grandfather was sentenced to prison in the '20s after his wife cheated on him with a high-powered' member of his congregation. He spent 18 months in prison, and by the time he died, he had already been made redundant."

—l4af1617b5

9. "My mom recently told me that when she and my dad were first married, my grandpa (on my dad's side) tried to get her to sleep with him. She told my dad, but he didn’t believe her."

—sabrinas

10. "My uncle is a pastor and cheated on his wife for years with a member of his congregation."

—ruthannmunoz

11. "My great-great-grandfather was sentenced to prison in the early '60s after his mistress convinced him to murder her husband. No one in my family knew about it until I did some major digging on Ancestry.com."

"It was apparently a pretty big case in the metro-Detroit area. We knew that he went to prison for murder, but my great-great-grandmother told her kids it was because he found another man in bed with her and shot him. We have no idea why she decided to cover up his actions."

—sabrinas

12. "My aunt was a member of the Peoples Temple. She moved to Jonestown and drank the Kool-Aid, so she was one of the 900 people who died. My grandparents disowned her while she was in the cult."

"Even after she died, they didn't like to acknowledge her. They still refuse to talk about it. My mom doesn’t remember much, but she does have a few letters my aunt wrote to her while she was in Jonestown. Those letters are the only memory that’s left of her."

—emileem3

13. "My great-great-grandmother's husband disappeared without a trace. Thirty years later, right after she died, they found leftover pieces of him that were chopped up in the outhouse. He had been abusive, so she took matters into her own hands."

—katb4aebac39f

14. "When my parents were dating, they broke up for a few days. During that time, my dad hooked up with some woman and never told my mom. It came out years later that this woman had actually gotten pregnant."

"The guy she thought was the father wasn’t, and the only other person she had been with was my dad. So I have a half brother somewhere in Oklahoma,
