======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 love and the amount of attention I get from my coworkers and boyfriend. I dare you to not cry if you not having a text with my co-worker the entire day. Every time I open the door to greet my coworkers shes inside laughing it away but i always feel like she is being silly. I used to work at Starbucks but decided to move in with my girlfriend and stay in with my boyfriend. The food was just wonderful and the employees seemed to be having fun. I will definitely be getting my hands on more caffeine (it's called a '6-DMT' — I don't speak Indian) so I-am-doing-it-all-the-time-in-this-way thing.

Get it from Amazon for $13.97.

9. A green tea filter that'll clear out the waxy inside of your broth and smooth out the day. Not only will this help with the final product dry, but it'll give you a little extra boost of energy that you didn't think you had before.

Promising review: "These are such a great idea! I always have an issue with filters moving, especially when driving. I also have a 2007 Nissan Titan truck that gets very cold in the garage andI always have an issue with filters moving, especially when driving. This filter was helping me become more energy-efficient."

Get it from Amazon for $11.99 (available in three colors).

10. A highly-rated straining bag so you can make your own nut milks, veggie juices, and yogurts in one pass — no need to drain multiple times or worry about leftover food grains. Gross.
 
Promising review: "It already has improved the time it takes me to filter out the thick, muddy fiber from my daily smoothies. It takes me about 10 minutes in contrast to the previous hour it took me with competitor filters."

Get it from Amazon for $11.97.

11. A convenient tray you 1000% need if you practically live in your car. It hooks onto your steering wheel so you can eat or get some work done while you're out and about. T-ball practice just got soooo much better.

This is seriously the coolest little device I have ever owned. It makes driving a car much more bearable. There's not a single crash or crease in this amazing device! It's absolutely FREEFELBRAKING! I mean, if there was one magical thing about being a woman, it would be this service. Every single day.

It's the ultimate resource for the disabled & underserved! Take a look below!

Promising IMDB review: "This is seriously the coolest little device I have ever owned. It makes driving a car MUCH more bearable. There's not a single crash or crease in this amazing device! It makes sleeping a whole lot easier. I also feel like almost every motion I make is made easier by this." —Joseph R.

Get it from Amazon for $11.99 (available in two colors).

12. A green-tea setting spray that can lock in your makeup *AND* leave your skin looking extra radiant and shine-free. The days of fading and constant touchups are O-V-E-R.
 
Many reviewers mention it works well when sprayed before and after makeup application.

Promising review: "I have oily skin so I really need help haha, but I also have super sensitive skin. I wanted something that was gentle and contained good ingredients, and I think I found it. I will definitely be ordering again. With this product my makeup easily lasts 12 hours and I feel like it helps it to look smoother as well." —Melanie P.

Get it from Amazon for $11.95.

13. A pack of bottle-cleaning tablets that'll get into all those hard-to-reach places to rid your bottles of built-up grime and stinky odors.

Promising review: "I seriously can't believe how well these little tablets work. I had the most disgusting HydroFlask coffee mug...I tried everything. There was still a seemingly impenetrable layer of black sludge inside. I tried these little magic tablets. I let a tablet sit in each of my mugs for an hour or two, and the black sludge rinsed out COMPLETELY, without even scrubbing. They look brand new. No residual smell or taste anymore. AMAZING AMAZING AMAZING." —Amazon Customer

Get a 12-pack from Amazon for $8.

14. A monthly budget planner to get your expenses back on track. It's simple to use and will help you see the bigger picture of your day-to-day spending so you know where you can make cutbacks.

Promising review: "This book is really simple
