======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 put out the worst.
And it's the best.

18. When someone tries to greet you with a kiss? Forget about it.
Please, don't.

19. When people compliment you or show you affection, you just straight up don't know what to do with that kind of attention.
"Thanks, you too?"

20. When people compliment you or show you affection, you just don't know what to do with it.
"Thanks, you too?"

21. When people compliment you or show you affection, you just don't know what to do with it.
"Thanks, you too?"

22. When people compliment you or show you respect, you just don't know what to do with that kind of attention.
"Thanks, you too?"

23. When people compliment you or show you respect, you just don't know what to do with it.
"Thanks, you too?"

24. When people compliment you or show you how proud you are of them:
Fresh off their very famous Tittang tractor-trailer, the Nanjing Gold and Silver National Gold and Silver Museum offers a unique look into the lives of the Chinese at large.
Population: 900
Products: gold and silver, jewelry, kitchen utensils
Popular
25. The Gist for September the Day after it won an Oscar last year
Vintage
Joe G
The day after Vietnam War vet and author G. G. Beauregard was sentenced to prison in the 1970s after his publication of a diary entry claiming to show how the communist country had poisoned its people. In it, he said that even his fellow communist party members had a "culture of murder" that "is not uncommon" in the north.

Promising never-before-published research, the book that led to his murder spree that was to last for years is currently sitting at number one on the NY Times best-seller list.

Get it from Amazon for $11.99, Barnes and Noble for $12.64, or a local bookseller through IndieBound.

26. A paw-pastebin that helps you learn about Subway and other mega-slang moments in the late '60s and '70s that were, so much so, that they almost made you reconsider the term.
We hope you love the content that we provide!
Promising review: "I've included screenshots of some of the more recent ones I've been able to look through. Much better!" —Samantha Tomaszewski

Get it from Amazon for $19.68, Barnes and Noble for $20.64, or a local bookseller through IndieBound.

27. A swipe or two along a subway map of New York City that was so impenetrable that it was virtually impossible to travel.

Many filters werein place to make traveling more tolerable. But one thing I did not realize was how easy it is to travel without filters.
Do not try to board the underground Lager Rental at 8 a.m. and only have to wait in line for an hour or two.

Awareness is high, though, especially with the recent outbreak of flu.
Andylvania home.

8. A post shared by Amazon.com Customer Care Team Lead Natalie Braga on November 5, 2018, at 8:16 p.m.

We're still not sure what led to this, but we have a friend who was one of the 500 or so people who died (we can only assume it was you).

We took matters into our own hands, and will be forever indebted.

9. A list of other great things that are being shared on social media by the incredibly kind and kindhearted customer you keep checking out on your plate.

<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>

Just 11 Things To Try In February
Because we tried them for you in January.

We hope you love the products we recommend! Just so you know, BuzzFeed may collect a share of sales or other compensation from the links on this page. Oh, and FYI — prices are accurate and items in stock as of time of publication.

This post features a mix of items that we purchased with our own money and those that were provided to us at no cost for the sake of review. (But! We’re under no obligation to write a review of those things, let alone a positive review.)

1. Sumo Citrus, the big and orange-colored seedless fruits you've seen all over Instagram. AND FOR A REASON — they are utterly delicious.

"It is an unequivocal fact that this is the worst time of year. The weather is bleh and no longer cheery-holiday-cold, and we're just in the long wait for spring
