======== SAMPLE 1 ========
. "My great-great-grandfather was sentenced to prison in the '20s after his mistress convinced him to murder her husband. No one in my family knew about it until I did some major digging on Ancestry.com."

"It was apparently a pretty big case in the metro-Detroit area. We knew that he went to prison for murder, and that he secretly lived in another state. We were the only ones who knew about his escape plan. We have no idea why he decided to murder his wife. We do know that he decided to leave her, and go to Sweden. We do not believe him.

We need to put a price on his head. He should be allowed to go. We need him to get a job teaching English at a big company, and get his act together. He needs to get some young women to come help him out. He also needs to get some family and friendship people to come help him out.

This is the kind of situation you would send a stranger to the core, to the point where no one tries to talk to you later. You should expect them to treat you like a relative.

"Please don't try to reach out to me because I don't want to hurt your feelings. I am here to help. And I'll make sure you get the help you need."

—S.T.A.

6. "My cousin was in the military and got arrested for dealing drugs, so he spent 18 months in prison. His parents lied and told everyone he was actually stationed somewhere far away so no one would try to visit him. It's been a few years, but only a couple of us know the truth."

—arXiv

7. "A few years ago my uncle became a father and a grandfather on the same day. His long-lost daughter, who was kept secret from him by her mother, tracked him down and introduced both herself and her daughter to him."

"We got a whole new side to our family, and my uncle couldn't be happier."

—l4af1617b5

8. "My cousin H. murdered his girlfriend in the late '60s and joined the military so he wouldn’t be found out. Also, his brother M. was poisoned by his wife while she was in prison for killing their three children."

—j48ca4d77c

9. "My grandmother's parents tried to pay off my grandpa the night before their wedding so that he'd leave her at the altar. Apparently they didn't think he was good enough for her."

"He declined, and they got married anyway. My 87-year-old grandma *still* doesn't know this happened. My grandpa confessed it to my mom on his deathbed, and she told me years later. I'm now the only person in the family who knows this dark secret about my great-grandparents and how they tried to ruin their daughter's happiness."

—wherestheruler17

10. "My mom recently told me that when she and my dad were first married, my grandpa (on my dad's side) tried to get her to sleep with him. She told my dad, but he didn’t believe her."

—t4c9918718

11. "My uncle is a pastor and cheated on his wife for years with a member of his congregation."

—ruthannmunoz

12. "My great-great-grandfather was sentenced to prison in the '20s after his mistress convinced him to murder her husband. No one in my family knew about it until I did some major digging on Ancestry.com."

"It was apparently a pretty big case in the metro-Detroit area. We knew that he went to prison for murder, but my great-great-grandmother told her kids it was because he found another man in bed with her and shot him. We have no idea why she decided to cover up his actions."

—sabrinaslaughter

13. "My aunt was a member of the Peoples Temple. She moved to Jonestown and drank the Kool-Aid, so she was one of the 900 people who died. My grandparents disowned her while she was in the cult."

"Even after she died, they didn't like to acknowledge her. They still refuse to talk about it. My mom doesn’t remember much, but she does have a few letters my aunt wrote to her while she was in Jonestown. Those letters are the only memory that’s left of her."

—emileem3

14. "My great-great-grandmother's husband disappeared without a trace. Thirty years later, right after she died, they found leftover pieces of him that were chopped up in the outhouse. He had
