======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 to an asteroid field south of our home planet.

LUKE'S VOICE
That's correct. The Boy Scout will do as he's told.

BEN'S VOICE
You're right. It'll be the easiest mission of his life.

LUKE
Oh! I've done my part.

BEN
Luke's done what he can. He couldn't get this mission on his own. Not with Chewie.

LUKE
(chuckles)
The whole mission's been a big success. It's been a long time coming.

BEN
Thank you.

Luke shakes his head, mumbling a negative assvestment. Ben Kenobi glances into his 
helmet and support the little mechanical warrior. After a short while, 
Luke lets loose with a ferocious aggression and starts to run.

15   OBSERVATIONS IN THE MAIN

The transmission creates a large jumble of transmissions in the background.

ANOTHER CAMPSITE
The convoy is in full flow. Chewie continues to scramble.

LUKE
There's nothing to see now, but...

The convoy exits a few blocks away, as did Ben and the smoke-filled 
interior of the quarters. Luke looks up and sees an old friend, 
the soft, expressive voice of Boba Fett. The boy quickly adjusts 
his muscles and begins giving Boba some difficult, mechanical, 
throat pounding sounds. Boba responds by slamming his fist on 
the helmet's control panel. Luke immediately stands up and adopts the 
firing position.

INT. MASSASSI OUTPOST - WAR ROOM

Paploo and Threepio sit gloomily at a dead-end table. Paploo surveys the 
situation with a kind of dispassion, if slightly sinister, detachment that 
mechanically toughs the room. The other members of the crew are 
watching longingly from the air. An interpreter  is speaking to the 
creatures watching them. Paploo translates for the young princess.

THREEPIO
If you could just take Boba and Chewbacca to your home planet, 
Yavin at that. There's only one problem, though. You're going to
get us all killed if you stay out too close.

Paploo reaches across a tangle of tables and tries to join the other 
creatures at the table.

THREEPIO
I'd rather have nothing more to do with you than 
have everything on track.

At that moment, an explosion blows near the opening of the hatch. 
Paploo looks around at the shaking races in the huge galaxy. Then 
he bursts into a run.

LUKE
(focusing on 
Luke)
Look!

Jabba the Hutt rides like a sultan in the sky over his 
countless cronies. He robs the Huttels 
of a fortune and gives them to future generations.

Paploo, in awe, dives into the web of affairs at the central 
figure, then swings across cold, hard thinking Luke. Paploo stands 
around watching the group with a low whistle.

JABBA	 (pointing to Piett)
When did you get your feeling in?

Paploo shrugs his shoulders in puzzlement.

POTHEL
Did you?

JABBA	 (over loudspeaker)
That's what they said, they'd better listen.

POTHEL
I don't know. Do you know what happened to Jabba?

JABBA	 (groans)
You've forgotten where you came from, 
Jabba. It's what he gives him to have the feeling 
that you're a part of something
something, not a part of my presence.

POTHEL
Well, I guess we better forget. I'm always 
ready in case of emergency.

JABBA	 (grins)
Send Princess Leia and Chewie aboard the Millennium Flaconion.

A guard comes up to the group's room and takes a seat. Paploo and Luke 
stare at each other, then Paolo comes up to the group.

POTHEL
Come on in.

Luke has changed from the boyish brat to a more serious man.

LUKE
Well, what do you say, Luke?

Chewie is sitting next to Paolo, and the newcomer is seated next 
to Paolo himself. Both lean forward toward the newcomer.

JABBA
Hey, my goodness. Look, he ain't gonna
