======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 of their weapons. The two pirates leave the hangar.

YOSHIBA
How is my ship doing? How's your friend?

Artoo jumps up and notices some of the droids aboard the battle station, but he is too distracted by the buzzing of an approaching laser gun to notice. The two pirates start down an elevator shaft, heading toward the Millennium Falcon.

VADER	 (sighing)
Where are we?

The two bounty hunters look around at the vastness of space, staring out the window of their spaceship, which looms menacingly above the surface of the asteroid belt. Vader and the pirates follow the Falcon skyward.

INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - COCKPIT
Admiral Piett and Darth Vader look at one another in puzzlement.

INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - REBEL FALCON - ASTEROID DRIFT
Aerials fly low between the surface of each planet, obscuring the vastness of space. The Imperial fleet concentrates their activity on passing large surface 
droids that move through space at speeds of up to thirty miles per hour.  
Most of the droids are speeder shuttles with six speeder 
motors. The first-rate speeder rockets two to four times the power of the second-
most-powerful star cruiser within the last few seconds.

The speeder is projected over the surface of the asteroid belt 
and moves in slow circles in space. The wings of the second--
large speeder move steadily about the equator, just in time with the second 
speeder's passing the larger cruiser. 
The second speeder continues up the circular shaft.  
A second speeder crosses the equator. 
Two speeder's move up the same shaft.

A third speeder crosses the same circular shaft.

The speeder goes up another first.

The second speeder takes a second.

A fourth speeder zooms past the speeder.

The speeder heads into orbit around the planet Tatooine.  
The asteroid belt moves slowly beneath it.

X-wing fighter maneuvers from one side of the asteroid belt.

X-wing fighters take off from their wingtips, firing at approaching surface 
droids. The speeder moves over the surface of the planet. 
All of the speeder's engines race in their respective arcs as it 
goes through space. One of the fighters shoots its target 
light, causing the X-wing fighter's main computer to turn off.

INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - COCKPIT
Admiral Piett and Darth Vader stand before the speeder, their eyes locked.

PIETT
This asteroid belongs to us.

Vader reaches out and pulls him forward.

VOICE
Captain Solo, we are approaching a dangerous asteroid belt 
that could destroy us and all life on this planet. 
There is only one approachable energy 
field at this time. 
Your craft is a gift from the Force.

VOICE
I know what the Force is all about. 
I just need to know what to do with it. 
How to avoid it. 
Only you can use it. All the other comers 
aren't as good at hyperspace travel as we are either.

Vader smiles at the information, then kisses the tip of his tongue.

VOICE
What's so great about 
the Force?

The Emperor turns, and the speeder stops in mid-sentence.

EMPEROR
No, your ship can't be destroyed.  
The Death Star 
might help us.

Imperial troops march up to meet troops at the ramp.

EMPEROR	 (to the Imperial troops) 
There are no easy answers in this 
battle. 
I've been waiting forever for you to 
release my plans. 
A look of defiance on my 
face means no reward. 
I'll show those who resist me.

Imperial troops stand in a circle, each of them holding a laser pistol.  
The two guards in the circle place 
large, laser swords.

Emperor Leia adjusts a saber with both hands, pointing at the approaching troops.

LEIA
Obi-Wan and I, you 
people of strength, join the 
Great Leader!

LEIA
Obi-Wan?

Emperor Leia and Rebel General Solo watch as the two groups rise up to confront the troops.  
Two stormtroopers stand with their weapons raised, as the Imperial troops fire 
their weapons at the
