======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 against the Cowboys. And while Sunday’s loss to the Rams was a more upsetting turning point, Arizona rode with a defense that has been lethal at times this season.

The Cardinals racked up 444 yards of total offense (304 through the air) against the Cowboys, and even with Ezekiel Elliott and Cordarrelle Patterson on the outside and the newly signed Marshawn Lynch in the backfield, that ranks ninth in Football Outsiders’ DVOA. Over the past three weeks, it held Ezekiel Elliott, LeSean McCoy, and Lynch to a combined 41 yards with an average of 1.28 yards per carry. A ton of credit is due to defensive line coach Bill Kollar, who’s done an excellent job developing the likes of Adam Gotsis and Shelby Harris to complement the already formidable trio of Shaq Barrett, Derek Wolfe, and Von Miller.

8. Cleveland wasn’t supposed to be this bad. After shelling out $58.5 million in guaranteed money to free agents J.C. Tretter, Kenny Britt, and Kevin Zeitler this offseason and spending about $50 million more to retain guard Joel Bitonio and linebacker Jamie Collins, the Browns entered the 2017 campaign poised to end their rebuilding period. Rather than stumble to another 3-13 finish, Cleveland hoped to start showing signs of promise and at least keep games close every week. Well, after a 31-7 loss to the Bengals, this team is 0-4 and again going nowhere fast.

The Browns were in a hole before Sunday’s contest began, with Collins, Danny Shelton, and 2017 no. 1 overall pick Myles Garrett all ruled out with injuries. Still, even with those guys on the mend, Cleveland shouldn’t get rolled by a Bengals team that’s had issues putting the ball in the end zone. Britt’s contract already looks like a disaster, and none of the young pieces on defense have shown any development under coordinator Gregg Williams’s tutelage. Shrewd asset acquisition and sound strategy are great, but at a certain point those assets have to turn into contributors.

9. This week’s line-play moment that made me hit rewind: DeForest Buckner’s arm-over move, which has become his go-to while lining up as 3-technique tackle. The 49ers defense was a subject of fascination heading into the season, especially in regard to how three of the franchise’s recent first-round picks (Buckner, Solomon Thomas, and Reuben Foster) would adapt to new coordinator Robert Saleh’s 4-3 scheme. Buckner, the seventh overall pick from the 2016 draft, has taken to his new role like a shark to water.


Rob Lowder
✔
@Rob_Lowder
 A perfect example of DeForest Buckner’s season so far. Extremely effective but a split second too late. #49ers

 Embedded video
63
2:17 PM - Oct 1, 2017
Twitter Ads info and privacy
30 people are talking about this
The 23-year-old Oregon product finished Sunday’s 18-15 loss to Arizona with four quarterback hits, two tackles for loss, and a sack. With 10 quarterback hits on the season, he trails only Cowboys star Demarcus Lawrence in that statistic, and he’s put up those numbers as an interior rusher.

Lawrence, a third-round pick, has already built on a promising rookie season and broken into the dominant unit that Lawrence and his fellow 2017 first-round pick Yanick Collins had hoped for. That group is now got from there.

10. This week in tales of the tape: The Bucs go back to the well with an O.J. Howard throwback for a long touchdown.

O.J. Howard
Tampa Bay scored an easy touchdown by hitting Howard on a play-action pass in which he started on the right side of a heavy formation before he leaked across the field and down the left sideline. Howard scored his first career touchdown on this exact play against the Giants in Week 4, and it was no surprise to see the Bucs try it again when they needed a boost. This type of action is difficult to combat with all the traffic it creates around the line of scrimmage. Setting up in a heavy set with multiple tight ends creates a pile of bodies at the snap, allowing Howard to slowly navigate through the cluster unaccounted for and untouched. The Falcons used a similar play last season, with Austin Hooper in the Howard role.

11. This week in NFL players, they’re absolutely nothing like us:


NFL
✔
@NFL
 MOSSED. 😳@juliojones_11 rips the ball away for the TD! #ATLvsNE #InBrotherhood

 Embedded video
4,490
8:15 PM
