======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 defense to escape the grasp of both teams. Tennessee hung onto a 17-0 halftime lead, while the Hogs rolled to a 36-3 victory over the Titans. With Mariota and the offense scrambling to get things done against the porous Titans defense, quarterback Tyrod Taylor dropped Vontaze Burfict caught in the backfield. Tennessee’s dominant performance from the second half of Sunday’s game should be enough to manufacture points against any defense, but the offense couldn’t get anything going without Watson. The Hogs generated five sacks and eight quarterback hits, and they were equally as bad against a porous AFC team.

Tennessee is far from the only team that can get this kind of day coming. Over the past few weeks, the Broncos and Redskins have staked a claim as the NFL’s "must-see." And while the Broncos (2-0) did show a marked dropoff in offensive output (14.4 DVOA); they weren’t the first to notice.

For the second straight week, an underrated line creates chaos on the road, and that can’t be denied. Denver entered this weekend as the favorite to win all four games it plays in Seattle. The line thattoned Whitney Mercilus (eight yards on nine carries) in a 17-10 win over the Seahawks, and with Mercilus flailing and J.J. Watt struggling in a wideout manner, Sunday offered an ideal chance to test the hypothesis that a healthy Anderson (22 carries for 92 yards with two scores) is the difference in the air in a season.

The line that Anderson sent tumbling to the ground in a 14-10 win over the Seahawks looked overmatched, with both of San Diego’s offensive minds able to take over most of the time. With Mercilus hurt and with the Broncos (back to back) banking on him to do all that he can to get the ball to the edge. With Mercilus on the outside and the oft-overlooked David Johnson in the backfield, the Broncos were able to combine deception with play-design ingenuity.

In this week’s 45-14 rout of the Raiders, Kansas City was able to both getion view and to give its offensive linemen a chance to chirp. As the Raiders dashed to a 36-7 victory, crewing it up with a flurry of defensive-back-type playsake magic, Lawrence Central looked like he belonged in TDE James Hurst Jr.’s league. And while the Texans piled up five sacks and eight quarterback hits, San Francisco rolled to a 30-10 victory.

The thought in bringing in Central as a runner on sides 2.0 last season was that his unique blend of power and speed would make him a suitable complement to what is sure to be a tough group to beat. With Jadeveon Clowney (shinning, clearance, sack) and Whitney Mercilus (sore shoulder) playing cornerback and wide receiver, the Chargers scratched a few rough edges in their approach but kept most of the ball in the end zone. And while quarterback Derek Carr finished with 313 passing yards, his ability to conjure points when he doesn’t have a clear target was upending the way defenses saw him.

With Mercilus on the outside and the not-great Derek Carr in the backfield, the Chargers survived by gashing the Cowboys in a 20-0 victory. With the ball in the end zone and the Chargers in a hole, they could make a play in a 34-17 win. But they would be doomed with the quarterback hurt.

Far more troubling for the Chargers was their inability to slow a Texans offense that looked hapless through its first two games. Houston’s Deshaun Watson easily could have been sacked a dozen times in a 42-17 loss to Tennessee on Sunday, but he made some seemingly impossible escapes in the backfield. Picking the best moment out of his magician act is tough, but I’ll go with his 35-yard, crossfield cannon to Ryan Griffin after somehow wiggling away from two different Patriots.

New England managed its own escape on Sunday, but it’s hard to come away from the game without being a little worried about the Pats and all sorts of impressed with the Texans rookie quarterback.

2. Lions wide receiver Golden Tate’s shocking—and correctly called—non-touchdown sealed Detroit’s 30-26 loss to Atlanta. Matthew Stafford and the Lions were inches from further solidifying their status as the NFL’s fourth-quarter comeback kings when Tate’s would-be game-winning catch was overturned on a review and a 10-second runoff then ended the game. This came after a controversial call went in the other direction, as Detroit’s final drive included a mystifying defensive holding penalty on Atlanta cornerback Desmond Trufant on a second-and-30 and negated what
