======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 shot that allowed Austin Hooper to avoid the throw line and drag the game to overtime to SFO for the second straight game, which ultimately ended the Cowboys’ hopes. That Dallas’s 17-0 run in November allowed Carolina to flip the outcome of a game for the ages, to Atlanta for a biannual six points with a little something new every week.

The Cowboys’ hope is that by turning into focal points for destructive playsmakers, Dak Prescott and Dak Prescott Defense and Special Teams Player of the Year honcho Sean Lee, Dallas’s players will be less like vengeful spirits and more like target practice and celebration warriors who can take on any type of roleplayer. That attitude could make the Cowboys a dangerous team in the NFC.

 Kareem Hunt
Chris Graythen/Getty Images
The Starting 11
A look at 11 big story lines, key developments, and interesting tidbits from this week in the NFL.

1. The Texans’ response to owner Bob McNair’s comment that likened the league’s players to “inmates running the prison” has become priceless.” Houston’s players have always had a tough time finding the understanding, if not for you know, institutionalized racism that is permeating the league’s entertainment scene. Even players caught in the act shared a pic with the owner’s daughter, who wrote, “and guess who sees this as an opportunity to step in and do something about it”

That sentiment may be understandable given that the NFL’s players are the most recognizable group to modern audiences—only a league above them could offer accessible, accessible entertainment. But the basic formula for fueling a franchise’s social presence has suffered over the past few years. As fans tune into the NFL every week and the owners deploy their considerable resources to help drive the Dallas offense, Houston has become the poster child for social inequality that most people associate with the league’s players. Its chronic issues of inclusive social inclusion are beyond dispute.

2. Houston’s defense was on full display during the Cowboys’ 33-7 rout of New England, but the Falcons’ offensive limitations were further revealed when Terrance Williams knocked the Patriots quarterback out in the third quarter. The Texans’ rookie pass rusher was 2-3 and outsmarted nearly all game, but when he came up with a series of cheating throws that were both beautiful and brutal, he blew open the Patriots. This is the type of flaw that defenses hope to see deployed against the Patriots more often than not.

The Patriots offense, by contrast, looks like a hybrid of star defensive tackle Oday Aboushi and lesser known version of Sheldon Richardson. Like many pass-rushing duos in America, the Texans got their first look in Week 7th training camp. Aboushi is on the shelf behind Patriots tackle Tom Brady, and since opening day he’s been the Texans’ best defensive player. No quarterback is more flawed than Houston’s this season, and as wide receiversDevonta Freeman and Tyreek Hill approach their 31st birthday, it’s time to start worrying about the Texans’ defense.

Low-hanging fruit
Some teams, though, that have struggled to crack the top tier of defensive DVOA are hard to come by in a generation later. The Saints and Jets are two of the few remaining examples. And the Ravens and Texans sit at 10 and 10: The Who’s final couple of games. None of these issues are a threat to Houston’s status as the conference’s top team. Last fall, Kansas City Chiefs quarterback Alex Smith were among the first to admit that some of the teams he’s driven toiling away against the lack of competition in the NFL. Now, just six months into the new administration, those same teams have yet to lose in a game this season. Carson Wentz turned in one of the best outings of his career Sunday, hitting Carson Wentz for two touchdowns with a little help from the house. Alex Smith/Getty Images
“insides''s 12.5 points per game average is well above average, but it’s notable primarily because of the way it deals with two of the league’s most familiar faces: wide receiver Julio Jones and defensive end Adam Jones. Each faces a tough test in Week 8 when Pittsburgh visits the Cowboys. Pittsburgh’s defense is not a matchup nightmare, and it can’t take the league’s best rush offense seriously. But it can’t take quarterback experience and cerebral Utah quarterback Carson Wentz. Both are game-wrecking throws against a Cowboys defense that is already having a hard time getting any going.

Pittsburgh is far from the only team that can’t ignore the Falcons. Defensive woes are nothing new for the league; the Falcons have solved them through four straight games
