======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 piled out their 2018 breakout star in the backfield, but the entire unit—including the controversial platoon of Travis Kelce and Arik Armstead that included linebacker Sean Lee—looks fake.

Even the rookies, who were unspectacularly dominant in a 34-17 win over the Bills, looked fake. No running back (outside of Adrian Peterson) had as many carries on his first go as Wentz’s early in the day, and late in the second quarter, receiver Chris Carson picked up two wrongs andploaded four more dropped passes. Carson made no major leg injuries, and his last active play was an off-target interception with 1:19 left in the second quarter. After turning in two masterful showings to open the season, the Chargers struggled to get anything going on the ground through two games. After carrying 18 times for 54 yards against the Broncos in Week 1, Melvin Gordon carried only nine times for 13 yards in a 19-17 loss to Miami on Sunday.

 Melvin Gordon (Getty Images)
 Melvin Gordon (Getty Images)
 Melvin Gordon (Getty Images)
 Melvin Gordon (Getty Images)
 Gordon carried 24 times for 64 yards against the Broncos, while all-world left tackle Trent Williams carried only six times for 13 yards in a 19-17 loss to Miami on Sunday. Even the underrated Fletcher Cox, much like he’s trending among the stars of the new millennium, failed to create much separation in Sunday’s 3-0 start.

Even the rushing attack—which finished with 313 yards of total offense and averaged 5.0 yards per carry—didn’t do justice to the impact it had on the teams that it rained down on Sunday. Midway through the first half, the Bengals marched from their own 10-yard line all the way to New England’s 1-yard line. And that’s where they stopped.

After bringing in nose tackle Domata Peko as a fullback on second-and-1, Cincinnati rushed for no gain, threw a terrible incomplete pass to A.J. Green on a fade route, and then slammed Gio Bernard into the line on fourth-and-goal. Not having tight end Tyler Eifert, who is still out with an injury, was always going to be a problem for the Bengals. I just never figured his absence would be enough to turn Cincy into one of the league’s worst offenses near the goal line.

4. Twists and stunts on the interior of the line have worked wonders for NFL defenses this season. It seems that units across the league have been testing the discipline and patience of offensive lines even more than usual by sending players darting into different gaps to cause mass confusion.

This sack by the Patriots — a play designed to take advantage of backup center T.J. Johnson — is a perfect example. Defensive end Jabaal Sheard bolts from A-gap to A-gap as linebacker Dont’a Hightower sits back and waits for his lane to emerge. For teams without a dominant edge presence, these types of tricks are the best way to manufacture pressure. New England’s linebackers are the perfect group to make them work.


5. Yeah, that’s why Odell Beckham Jr.’s antics are worth it. Beckham can bask beneath the kicking net all he wants to if he’s going to play like he did in a 27–23 win over the Ravens. With 222 yards on eight catches — including the game-winning 66-yard score — Beckham was the Giants offense on Sunday. His fourth-quarter touchdown was the type of play that’s made Beckham one of the league’s most valuable weapons since his rookie campaign in 2014.

Beckham’s one-handed wizardry looks great, but his best asset is his ability to take a 5-yard slant to the house at any given moment. New York’s offense isn’t nearly as dangerous as I thought it’d be coming into the season, but when Beckham is at his best it doesn’t even matter.

6. The Lions defense has officially become the league’s worst. Detroit’s 31-point outburst against the Rams was enough to take home a win in Week 6, but there’s no greater indictment of a defense than Case Keenum—whom the Bengals traded away in favor of Tennessee after the score was down and the Titans were inches from the goal line.

The Bengals’ effort was more than just another statement game from Matt Jones. This offense came into Sunday’s game ranked 31st in offensive DVOA; it was able to move the ball seemingly at will against Detroit. The fact that it was able to dictate the terms of the season for both offenses is just incredible.

7. Wright was excellent in the Titans’ 21-13 win over
