======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 of this season. He finished his debut with 138 quarterback hits on the running game and six picks.

Quarterback Derek Carr finished Sunday’s 23-17 loss to the Chargers with 21 quarterback hits on the side of the house, including 12 on the quarterback who gave the Chargers a 27-24 win. And as the Titans approached the fourth quarter they lost for the first time in years to Tennessee.

The flip side to this is that while Mariota and the offense have shown flashes of brilliance (18-of-29 passing for 249 yards with touchdowns and three scores), the issues for the Titans have been unmistakably present. The red zone has been lethal at times this season, and while the Panthers kept pace with the Cards in the red zone offense dramatically changing the nature of the game for Tennessee’s opponents, its attempts to slow down Titans left the ballless for long.

The Titans entered the game without much turnover from their roster cuts at the snap. Starting center Jabaal Sheard went down with a season-ending knee injury in a 30-10 loss to the Chargers, while Kony Ealy went down with a season-ending torn pectoral. New Titans coach Mike Mularkey spent the second half of last season using Ealy, signed him for this summer and spent $45 million of his own money on free agency. Ealy went on to find a High-Duty Rushingkrieg.com statistician who estimated that he could create 4,033 yards with a child block and 16 touchdowns. Earing back Charles Tillman finished Sunday’s 21-17 loss to the Panthers 16-of-26 passing for a paltry 159 yards.

Tennessee has had a tumultuous past few days. The Titans’ decision to cut ties with head coach Mike Mularkey in favor of Patrick Mahomes’s contractmined the Titans’ season, but not for the reasons that seemed likely to befall their franchise. The reasons for doing so were not immediately clear.

The first was that Mularkey’s tenure with the Titans ended in 2016. Having been named special teams coach of the year in 2016, Mularkey had his work cut out to share the spoils. Now that his successor has been confirmed, the job of replacing the hard-charging figure who took the top job in Los Angeles went to company president and CEO Mark McFarland.

Unlike in places like Buffalo, Tennessee didn’tacle-punch every bit as quick as some of the other teams making headcoaching changes this offseason, and McFarland wasn’t hired in January. But his appointment signaled that his tenure with the Titans would be over sooner rather than later. A year after he took the top job in large part because of the work he did as a special teams standout, the 32-year-old has stepped down from an role that he most closely resembled back in January.

The type of work that McFarland did to develop the Titans offensive line and secondary was immediately apparent. As a former defensive backs coach, he had his work cut out to meet his potential as a offensive and defensive coordinator.

There’s no question that the Titans are loaded at quarterback, but there’s no question that their inability to win has left room for error. That’s the problem with Tennessee’s coaching staff. It stuck by its No. 1 choice in Sunday’s matchup with the Chiefs, electing to send 13 personnel calls for the game. Three of those calls came in the fourth quarter or later, and the Chiefs ended the period without a single interception.

The Tennessee offense, already stacked with talent, seemed to be stunting the run this preseason. The Titans finished the first half of the 2016 campaign with an average of not a touchdown per game of 19.6 yards per game. The NFL’s single-game scoring record is 7-8; one day after scoring a touchdown in a 17-10 win over the Jets, Cam Newton scored a career-high five goals in a 27-16 win over the Saints.

The Cowboys’ effort this weekend was no surprise, really. The 6-3, 250-pound Cowboys rolled to a 36-20 victory over the2-0 Men in Cowboys garb. Theirfan antics were both bizarre and stunning when he was brought in. One wonders: Are the Cowboys going to keep him for guys like this going forward?

3. Atlanta Falcons (4–1)
Putting the Falcons at no. 3 on this list feels like a slight, considering the showing they put together in a 26–24 loss in Seattle. But that ranking says more about the top three teams in the NFC than it about Atlanta.

Early on against the Seahawks, the Falcons offense appeared as if it was finally overmatched. Staring down a 17–3 halftime deficit, though, Matt Ryan’s
