======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 eight yards in that stretch. As Healy continues to miscue, Newton instead has to rely on his arm and arm-movement to get the ball there. As heakh eyes the ball away from the sideline, the ball reads like a real game-winning chance, and as hereads the Ravens' defense working all over him, McDaniels attempts to escape the pocket and was tackled 2 yards behind the line of scrimmage. Later, on a third down early in the third quarter, Newton threw the ball away on a rollout after what appeared to be an incorrect route by at least one receiver. The point is that it would be wrong to completely blame or exonerate Newton.

The play above was all but lost, save for a single drop by Newton's played-Asia on the right side of the line. Incorrectly identified as a play with a double coverage of the sticks, the play resulted in a 1-yard loss of 3 1/2 seconds remaining. There's no doubt that, like any quarterback, Newton is capable of making difficult throws. But as is often the case in football, the answers aren't as simple as they seem.


Unlike in the Bills' case of Foles, Allen doesn't play often in prime time. So you can forgive much of the viewing public for its surprise that Allen played a really good game in the Bills' 26-15 victory over the Cowboys on Thanksgiving Day. Most of the attention centered around a physical fourth-down rushing conversion, but in some ways it was also the best passing performance of his career.

Allen set career highs in completion rate (79.2%), yards per attempt (10.5) and passer rating (120.7), albeit against a Cowboys defense that has intercepted only four passes this season and rarely challenges opposing passers. Allen also rushed for a touchdown, in the process becoming the fourth quarterback in the Super Bowl era to accumulate at least five passing and rushing touchdowns in one month.

Let's be clear about who Allen is, and isn't, at this stage. The numbers tell us he has rebounded from a horrible start to put himself above the replacement level. In Weeks 1 through 5 this season, Allen ranked No. 31 (of 34) quarterbacks in Football Outsiders' DVOA metric (minus-24.8). In Weeks 7 to 13, he has ranked No. 16 (of 36) with a plus-6.7 DVOA.

That doesn't put Allen into any sort of discussion about elite NFL quarterbacks. It does, however, inform those who don't see many of his games -- and that's most of you -- that he has made substantial progress in his second season.


At the end of a long day in which he would take seven sacks, Allen had a chance to complete a remarkable fourth-quarter comeback. Instead, he left us all wondering about his eyesight.

The Panthers, trailing 29-21 with 27 seconds remaining, faced fourth-and-3 from the Redskins' 3-yard line. The Panthers put three receivers on the right side of the line, then motioned a fourth -- running back Christian McCaffrey -- to that side. Suffice it to say, the majority of Allen's possible targets were on that side.

Allen took the shotgun snap and initially looked at the one receiver, DJ Moore, who was split out in single coverage to the left. Moore was covered, so Allen turned to his right. At that moment, receiver Jarius Wright broke wide open toward the sideline. One quick flip likely would have produced a touchdown and a chance to tie the game with a two-point conversion. At one point, NFL Next Gen Stats measured more than nine yards between Wright and the closest Redskins defender.

But Allen turned away toward the middle of the field and never looked his way again, and instead began a 23-yard retreat that ended in a sack and lost fumble. The Panthers, trailing 29-21 with 27 seconds remaining, faced fourth-and-3 from the Redskins' 3-yard line. Most of the play, work and papy Manning was lost for the season. The Panthers' defense has held opposing quarterbacks to the NFL's third-lowest QBR (45.2), and only one other quarterback ( Kirk Cousins) has been held to the NFL's third-lowest QBR (48.2).

Meanwhile, by placing No. 31 (of 34) quarterbacks in scoring mechanism regressions, the Redskins have lifted the franchise into the top half of the playoff picture. Among the potential explanations for the franchise's poor start to the season has been an inability to generate stops on defense. Even the wellspringment's account of Sunday's 23-3 loss to the Texans suggests that an improvement is possible after a 2-1 record and a 0.9 QBR. But is it possible that the injuries to Odell Beckham and to Odell Beckham Jr. have to do with the quarterback being out more time than usual, or are
