======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 no other player has the arm strength to carry that much pressure. And while Griffin’s contract is still up in the air, it’s clear that the team wants from its offensive line this time around. With Ryan throwing more than he’s absorbed into the ground, Atlanta is able to more than mitigate against different daymarish offensive lines.

8. Sunday was a banner day for Titans receivers past and present. No team in the league has cycled through highly drafted pass catchers quite like Tennessee has, and for one beautiful week seemingly every receiver who has worn a Titans uniform in recent years had a moment.


NFL
✔
@NFL
 Gorgeous.
Just gorgeous.

Mariota goes DEEP.
And Kendall Wright makes one of the best grabs you'll see all day. 🔥 http://snpy.tv/2e8RPRb 

1,598
10:53 AM - Oct 16, 2016
Twitter Ads info and privacy
1,068 people are talking about this
Kenny Britt roasted the Lions for 136 yards on seven catches while enjoying his best game as a member of the Rams. Kendall Wright made the grab of the day, an absurd, leaping reception that resulted in a 48-yard touchdown. And even the much-maligned Justin Hunter hauled in a 30-yard score in Buffalo’s win over the 49ers. Watching it all happen in such short order felt like some sort of cosmic event.

9. Wright was excellent in the Titans’ 28–26 win over the Browns, but he wasn’t even the best receiver on the field. Terrelle Pryor developing into a legitimate weapon for Cleveland has been one of the NFL’s best stories this season. He caught nine passes on Sunday, for 75 yards with two touchdowns, but that stat line doesn’t do justice to the impact he had on the Browns offense.

Pryor’s first score came on a leaping knee from 7 yards out, one play after he stuck out his left hand and corralled a third-down throw that gave Cleveland a first down from the 11-yard line. By now, Pryor is much more than a fascinating case of a talented player switching positions. He’s among the most dangerous pass catchers in the league. Even typing that sentence is bizarre.

10. It turns out that an offensive line featuring Branden Albert and Laremy Tunsil is better than one with Billy Turner and Dallas Thomas. A week after Tunsil’s shower mishap and subsequent ankle injury forced him to miss the Dolphins’ loss to Tennessee, Miami finally got a full-strength version of its offensive line against the Steelers. With the left side intact, the Dolphins ran all over Pittsburgh. A late 62-yard score inflated tailback Jay Ajayi’s rushing numbers, but he managed 142 yards on his 24 carries before that. More importantly, the line kept Ryan Tannehill clean (two hits, no sacks) one week after the Titans sacked him six times.

11. Tyrod Taylor has had a curious — and excellent — couple of weeks. In last week’s 30–19 win over the Rams, Taylor threw for two touchdowns with no picks. At one point, he got so excited that he forgot who snaps the ball.

RELATED

Tyrod Taylor lines up behind guard, nearly turns over ball
Well, in this week’s 45–16 rout of San Francisco, Taylor was at it again. In the fourth quarter, he had a trainer bring him a cup full of mouthwash. I get it. We’ve all had that grimy feeling. Now I just need to know how many teams keep dental products on hand.

An earlier version of this story incorrectly stated that Buffalo quarterback Tyrod Taylor lined up under the wrong lineman this Sunday against San Francisco; his mistake occurred last week in the Bills’ win over the Rams.
<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>
F NFL in 2017 has been a home for the flawed. Virtually the entire league is hovering somewhere around .500 through seven weeks of the season, with only a few clubs inching toward the extremes of being very good or very bad. Sunday brought more of the same. The once-promising Broncos were shellacked 21-0 by the Chargers. The Panthers, who entered the day atop the NFC South, fell 17-3 to a Bears team that completed four passes. And the Aaron Rodgers–less Packers struggled to generate much offense in a 26-17 loss to the Saints. Following the Chiefs’ 31-30 defeat in Oakland last Thursday night, the Eagles are the NFL’s lone remaining one-loss team. If Philadelphia goes down against Washington on Monday, it will mark the first time in more than 25 years that every team in the league has
