======== SAMPLE 1 ========
’s in position to make major changes coming into the season, and I’m not sure why the endless speculation surrounding the Broncos and offense hasn’t taken any more time to iron out the details.

There’s a chance that by late November a sense of normalcy will be restored and teams like the Steelers, Pats, and Eagles will have climbed way ahead of the pack. For now, though, let’s just get going. There’s a chance that by late November a sense of normalcy will be restored and teams like the Steelers, Pats, and Eagles will have climbed way ahead of the pack.

There’s a chance that by late November a sense of normalcy will be restored and teams like the Cardinals, Cowboys, and Falcons would be in a best case scenario for making the jump to the Pro Bowl. With each wave of success for a platform like the Broncos comes with its own set of issues. And with the offense trending in the opposite direction, the Cardinals emerged as the clear contenders for the top job. Having played so well for former first-round pick Matt Jones, Arizona has been able to combine success with a healthy dose of James White. And since relieving Tom Savage in the fall, Arizona has picked up right where he left off.

The question is which of these potential fatal flaws are most likely to be ironed out as the season goes along, and which are symptomatic of who these teams could be for the long haul. With that in mind, we turn our attention to the Vikings.

RELATED

The Bills’ Elaborate Rushing Attack Has Saved Their Season
The Vikings came into this season facing questions about their potential on both sides of the ball. After finishing the 2016 campaign ranked 31st in run defense DVOA, the 2016 Bucs fell somewhere in that second tier on that end last season: In the NFC, they finished 30th in the league in hits allowed per red-zone drive, and 20th in those numbers when compared to opponents. While red-zone success rates typically vary from season to season, the core of Minnesota’s group has been able to stave off disappointment.

With Bilal Powell taking the top off of Chicago’s deep backfield and the return of Teddy Bridgewater to the lineup, the Vikings had a deep stable of offensive weapons who could make up for a roster short of them. Those guys’re already formulating a long-term plan, and now there’s a chance that their blend could lead them to victory in a heartbeat.

The same can’t be said for the Seahawks. Sunday’s thriller was more than just another statement game from Lynch. It was also a reminder that, oh yeah, Russell Wilson and Co. are devastating when they’re right.

The 5-2 Seahawks are dealing with notable injuries on defense, too, as Cliff Avril is on the IR and the recently signed 37-year-old Dwight Freeney has taken over duties as a spot pass rusher. There’s little doubt, though, that the rest of Seattle’s personnel—from Michael Bennett to Bobby Wagner to Richard Sherman—still constitutes one of the league’s premier defenses. Allowing Watson to pile up eye-popping stats on Sunday figures to be more of an aberration than a sign of trouble to come. There are few more reliable entities in football than the Seahawks defense when its key pieces are all healthy; heading into the second half of the season, that group will almost certainly coalesce into the terrifying unit that it’s been in recent years.

That steadiness on defense, combined with the all-world version of Wilson who appeared in Week 8, is what makes the Seahawks such a threat in the NFC playoff hunt. With Aaron Rodgers sidelined with a broken collarbone, Cam Newton and Matt Ryan both cratering, and younger quarterbacks like Jameis Winston failing to make the jump into the position’s uppermost tier, the pool of top quarterbacks in the conference feels strikingly shallow. The ravages of time seem to have no effect on Drew Brees in New Orleans, and Carson Wentz continues to look like the real deal in Philadelphia. After that, though, the situation gets dire in a hurry.

Even playing behind a line that can sometimes resemble a practical joke, Wilson has managed to summon plenty of magic this season, and Sunday night was his best flourish of the year. Wilson remains a deep-ball virtuoso, and with wide receivers Paul Richardson and Tyler Lockett hauling in those heaves down the field, Seattle’s offense can get interesting in a hurry, despite its known deficiencies.

While the Saints and Eagles further cemented their status as NFC front-runners with wins in Week 8, the Seahawks reinforced that the formula that’s helped them become a perennial playoff fixture remains intact. Watson’s display in Seattle and continued
