======== SAMPLE 1 ========
, and only two are known to Chicagoans. And none of them is as dangerous as the team making headlines for having Odell Beckham Jr.

For reasons that aren’t entirely clear, the Bears deployed Mack in coverage on a few scattered snaps in their 16-10 loss to the Saints. I don’t know if Bears players are as prone to fluky as some people would like to believe. I just know that when I'm behind the guy.

8. Some Atlanta players took offense to what was being said about Bobby Wagner. Some took offense to the way that he dropped back to pass. Some took offense to the way that he casually tossed the ball away in a 35-15 win over the 49ers. Some took offense to the way that he continued to run the team despite getting injured. Some took offense to the way that he dropped back to pass, despite getting injured. Some took offense to the way that he actively tried to block Kevin Hogan in Philadelphia. Some took offense to the way that he stuck out his left hand while standing on the sideline. Some took offense to the way that he stuck out his left hand while standing on the bench.

Some took offense to the way that he casually dropped back to pass. Some took offense to the way that he actively tried to block Kevin Hogan in Philadelphia. Some took offense to the way that he passively tried to block Kevin Hogan in Philadelphia.

It’s fascinating to consider how many quarterbacks would inspire more confidence in a fan base than Wilson and Brady. It’s even possible that both guys’s numbers (18-of-29 passing for 249 yards with two touchdowns and one interception) were pretty great. Yet even as Wilson leaps toward the top of the list, the conversation surrounding the quarterback archetype has since looked more varied than anyone could have imagined. Several members of the line had already announced that they planned to take Watson in retirement, and a significant percentage of that group’s decision-making took place in Houston. That group included guys like Travis Kelce, who had his hands full with career backup Kevin Hogan in training camp, and who resigned in the dry during the Browns’ 10-9 loss to Tennessee.

Among the potential fatal flaws in the’veil’s approach is that it’s been overly reliant on Howard and Kizer. Both Howard and Kizer entered this fall dealing with the loss of starting left tackle Alex Smith in Week 1; they had been shaky additions to a historically bad group. Without Howard, the Steelers have lost both of their starting guards (Jordy Nelson and Justin Tuck) and wide receiver Kevin Zeitler to injury. That group is now split between guys like Corey Moore, Tyler Lockett, and Adam Thielen.

Kizer, who went through the practice squad last week, was always going to be a problem for the Bengals. Before Sunday, he took home not only the league’s best pass defense, but also a pass-rushing total that was among the best in the league. He’s become an invaluable part of the Steelers’ approach. After carrying the ball 20 times in Sunday’s win over the Browns, Kizer now has 10 carries through five games. That puts him on pace for five more carries through five games in 2017—the most ever for a Ravens quarterback.

7. Head coach Anthony Lynn’s arrival hasn’t done much to spark the Chargers’ running game. Lynn was hired in January in large part because of the work he did as Buffalo’s running backs coach and offensive coordinator, but the Chargers have struggled to get anything going on the ground through two games. After carrying 18 times for 54 yards against the Broncos in Week 1, Melvin Gordon carried only nine times for 13 yards in a 19-17 loss to Miami on Sunday.

One of the key questions surrounding the Chargers offense this offseason was whether Lynn could replicate his ground game success with Philip Rivers at quarterback instead of the speedy Tyrod Taylor. Lynn took full advantage of Taylor’s abilities as a runner, using a considerable amount of option and misdirection looks. Both of those elements are missing in Los Angeles, and it’s contributed to the Chargers’ disappointing start.

8. The Titans prioritized upgrading their skill-position talent during the offseason, and we saw the returns in Sunday’s win over the Jaguars. A week after Jacksonville dismantled the Texans offense, Tennessee torched the Jags in a 37-16 victory. The Titans’ hope in assembling a deep stable of offensive weapons was that they’d be able to attack opponents in a variety of ways. That’s exactly what happened in Week 2. Nominal backup running back Derrick Henry carried 14 times for 92 yards with a score, while rookies Taywan Taylor and Jonnu Smith both hauled in long receptions from Marcus Mariota. A year removed from not having enough on offense, the Titans
