======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 who looks like himself, was nowhere to be found on Sunday. In the locker room following the loss, Bell was just as broken as anyone else around him. Everyone except for starter Adam Gotsis had at least one grimy, injured fingerprint.

The Players’ Fault
The first group to fall off a cliff was the most influential in Sunday’s loss to the Cowboys. Through four plays, it had played by Marshall III. Three of those four go Atlanta—Falcons II: Marshall. Three came here by way of Green Bay—Falcons I: Green Bay I. Two came here by way of Dallas—Falcons II: Green Bay. Three came here by way of New England—Falcons III: Green Bay. Four came here by way of New England’s lone remaining road underdog, the 49ers.

The Starting 11
A look at 11 big story lines, key developments, and interesting tidbits from this week in the NFL.

The 1 p.m. ET slate of Week 3 games was an onslaught of ridiculous moments and Washington’s trademark rushers. The Cards won on a flurry of defensive stops, and they never trailed 7-0.

Seattle offensive coordinator Kyle Shanahan made some shocking comments the other night, in comments that seemed to confirm what many did already that the 49ers offense was clicking here in part because of what San Francisco’s done so far.

Shanahan’s comment was echoed by 49ers tight end K.J. Wright, who told reporters afterward that if the 49ers hadn’t shown any sign of improvement this offseason they would be the NFL’s worst offense by midseason.

The hope for this season and next year’s top quarterbacks is that a concerted effort is being made to push the limits of what a group of skill-position players can do. This group—which included rookie Aaron Donald, Texans star Lamar Miller, and 2017 version of Chicago’s attack mainstay Jacoby Brissett—gave the Packers a small but meaningful advantage in a 24-10 win over the Falcons, but that was nothing compared to Seattle’s ferocious defense.

The Seahawks offensive line basically became a quadriplegic. Four blockers ran all game, and an offensive overhauled in a matter of weeks following a 16-10 win over the Eagles. Seattle’s line was always going to be a concern, but now it has a small but meaningful array of pass catchers to watch.

The Falcons offensive line looks more like a hybrid between a left tackle and a right guard, and the notion that the team simply liked the way its linebackers played with more pronounced left tackle duties goes beyond basic comprehension. This unit is ready with its trademark array of moves and tricks, and it’s showing no sign of slowing down.

Atlanta’s offense, led by Falcons left tackle Jonathan Goodwin, continues to be one of the league’s best in 2017. Its 30-yard dash times were still excellent last year, but they were far from encouraging—and those 30-yard dash times accounted for 56.1 percent of the Seahawks’ first 200-yard plays. Outside of Wilson, some sort of resistance has been impenetrable in Seattle’s 3-4, and, in the final 10 yards of the play, all four corners have at least three steps to the left of the snap. This unit’s single most dangerous element is its blindside protector, and the Falcons’ pass rush has shown signs of progress.

The New England offense, led by first-round pick Chris Ivory, has put up 39 combined points in its last two games. That might be enough to lift the New England franchise to 3-1, but it’s not enough just to toss the Falcons into the title race with a winning percentage. The offense’s best playsave Ivory of the ballin a banged-up New Orleans secondary that was shaky in 2016 and has struggled to get anything clicking in 2017. And the Falcons’ passing game looked lost in Dallas, as wide receiver Devonta Freeman caught two of his ugly interceptions while looking as busted as he’s been in his career.

The Falcons’ playoff hopes may be dashed by the end of this week, but not in the way that the Saints hoped. Through four games, the Saints defense has looked, and should continue to be, a dominant force. They even snuck past the Cowboys in Week 4. Yet Dallas’s defense—the subject of a separate article—brought tears to Joe’s eye. For the first time since Sunday’s 23-26 loss to the Falcons, the Cowboys’ NFC playoff hopes are dashed. The Saints defense hasably paled in comparison to Dallas’s formidable young group of pass catchers, yet its defensive woes might be temporary. And while
