======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 Wilson—could possibly miss the remainder of the season with a biceps injury.
<endoftext>
<startoftext>
NoNo division in football has been as ruthlessly competitive as the AFC West over the past few years. The Raiders were one of the feel-good stories of last season, pouncing on the rest of the league en route to going 12-4; they finished second in the division behind the 12-4 Chiefs. One year earlier Kansas City rode a 10-game winning streak to a 11-5 record; it finished second behind the eventual Super Bowl champion Broncos. The AFC West has recently resembled a jungle for its inhabitants, and things seem no different this time around. Through two weeks it’s again shaping up to be the NFL’s best division—and a season-long version of the Thunderdome.

The most impressive win of Week 2 belonged to the Broncos (2-0), who shellacked the visiting Cowboys, 42-17. Denver entered the season without much turnover from the roster it fielded in 2016. President of football operations and general manager John Elway used some offseason resources to boost his offensive line, spending on Ronald Leary and Menelik Watson in free agency and taking Utah left tackle Garett Bolles in the first round of the 2017 draft. Aside from that, though, the Broncos making a jump from a 9-7 campaign relied on the team seeing improvements from guys already in the building. After two games, it appears Denver is getting just that.

For starters, third-year quarterback (and 2015 seventh-round pick) Trevor Siemian has proved he’s the man for the job. Some saw Siemian holding off 2016 first-round passer Paxton Lynch in training camp as a negative for the franchise’s long-term trajectory, but the Northwestern product has impressed against both the Chargers and the Cowboys. He went 22-of-32 passing for 231 yards with four touchdowns against Dallas, throwing for a pair of scores to wideout Emmanuel Sanders. The Broncos kept Siemian’s workload manageable, electing to attack the Cowboys with an array of short, quick throws.

With an entirely revamped staff led by first-time head coach Vance Joseph, the Broncos came into this season facing questions about their potential on both sides of the ball. Denver finished 2016 first in Football Outsiders’ defensive DVOA, the second straight year that it grabbed the top spot in a remarkable run of consistency under former coordinator Wade Phillips. With Phillips taking the same position for the Rams this January, the task of maintaining Denver’s dominant unit fell to first-year coordinator and former defensive backs coach Joe Woods. Thus far, Woods looks up to the challenge: The Broncos terrorized a Cowboys offense that rarely looks out of sync, limiting Ezekiel Elliott to just 8 yards on nine carries while picking off Dak Prescott twice and nearly snatching a couple of more. Von Miller, Aqib Talib (who punctuated Sunday’s win with a 103-yard pick-six), and Co. haven’t missed a beat under new leadership.

The more surprising development, though, has been the play of Siemian and the offense. Coordinator Mike McCoy’s work with Peyton Manning and the 2012 Broncos got him a head-coaching opportunity in San Diego. Now back in his old role in Denver, he’s picked up right where he left off. The combination of a healthy Anderson (154 total yards with two scores Sunday), improved play up front, and a well-crafted scheme that’s tailored to Siemian’s strengths (and those of pass catchers Sanders and Demaryius Thomas) could make the Broncos more potent than many expected going into the fall. Losing Bolles to what appeared to be a serious leg injury in Week 2 is a tough blow. Still, if this defense continues to roll, Denver should have enough on offense to be a matchup nightmare every week.

 Kareem Hunt
Peter Aiken/Getty Images
It’ll have to be, considering what the Broncos’ divisional opponents have looked like through two weeks. Ten days after stunning the Patriots 42-27 in Week 1, the Chiefs (2-0) took care of the Eagles, 27-20, this weekend. Once again, they looked like a sharp, complete team that should give opponents fits all season. Kansas City’s defense tormented Philadelphia quarterback Carson Wentz, racking up six sacks. Three of those—and two forced fumbles—were generated by 2016 second-round pick Chris Jones, who has already built on a promising rookie season and become one of the more impactful interior rushers in all of football.

Kansas City getting even marginal improvements from someone like Jones is crucial, because much like the Broncos, the Chiefs entered this fall banking on internal upgrades to drive their success. Outside of 2017 third-round pick Kareem Hunt, who appears to have been
