======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 Rodgers, who was 8-of-17 passing and thrown his league-worst fourth interception), Rodgers has barely missed a beat this season. His fourth-quarter touchdown was the type of play that’s made Rodgers one of the league’s most valuable weapons since his rookie campaign in 2014.

With each win, the Packers have built on their recent track record of success. For the first time since the season began, it feels like Rodgers and his fellow stars are leading the way.

Green Bay scored six points through the first three quarters of a 30-3 loss on Sunday. No one is going to confuse the Cowboys’ 2016 defense (which has been a pleasant surprise in stretches) with last season’s Broncos’ group. Still, Dallas had more than enough to slow down Rodgers, who did little even when given ample time to throw.

Even the Packers’ strengths through five weeks couldn’t hold against Cowboys. Green Bay’s run defense had been excellent — up until it was tasked with stopping Ezekiel Elliott and a steamrolling offensive line.

Six weeks into this season, a team featuring Rodgers and what had been the most destructive offense in football for much of the past decade has looked depressingly mortal. Outside of a dominant first half in a 34-27 win over the Lions in Week 3, the Packers have struggled to generate points. The only other team they’ve scored more than 23 against is the Jaguars. That’s a problem, and one that doesn’t seem close to being resolved anytime soon.

4. Atlanta Falcons (4–2)
Putting the Falcons at no. 4 on this list feels like a slight, considering the showing they put together in a 26–24 loss in Seattle. But that ranking says more about the top three teams in the NFC than it does about Atlanta.

Early on in the season, the Falcons seemed like the clear playoff way. Now they’re just one game out of a first-ever cup final, they look like a legitimate threat. And with wide receiver Julio Jones likely done for the season with a broken collarbone, there’s no telling when the damage will be more serious than if he’s playing with a broken collarbone.

It’s worth mentioning last season’s NFC Super Bowl representative here, too, as the Falcons beat the Bears in a game in which reigning MVP Matt Ryan passed for 321 yards. Yet the offense that laid waste to opponents in 2016 seemed out of rhythm in spurts. An 88-yard touchdown toss to tight end Austin Hooper on a play with busted coverage provided a cosmetic upgrade to Ryan’s stats, and Atlanta ended the game with two fewer first downs than the Bears (20 to 18). Kinks should be expected as the team transitions from coordinator Kyle Shanahan to successor Steve Sarkisian, but it’s nonetheless noteworthy that the Falcons had six three-and-outs after recording 24 all of last season. New right guard Wes Schweitzer had a nightmarish debut against Bears stud defensive lineman Akiem Hicks (two sacks and three quarterback hits), and if Chicago’s Jordan Howard hadn’t dropped a pass near the goal line, this might’ve gone the other way.

Week 1 brought more chalk than chaos, although the carryover from the 2016 season manifested itself in different ways among the likely class of the NFC. Plenty can and will change in the coming weeks, but for now Green Bay and Dallas should be content with their initial impressions. Both teams would love for Denny Green’s words to ring true, because in both cases, what we thought they were was NFL heavyweights.

The Starting 11
A look at 11 big story lines, key developments, and interesting tidbits from this week in the NFL.

1. Jared Goff looked like an entirely different person under new Rams head coach Sean McVay. When the 31-year-old McVay took the top job in Los Angeles in January, his first, second, and third priorities immediately became fixing Goff. One game in, the pairing seems to be on the right track. Goff, who had a disastrous rookie campaign, turned in his best day as a pro (21-of-29 passing for 306 yards with a touchdown) in a 46-9 rout of a Colts team that looked hapless on both sides of the ball. Even taking Indianapolis’s floundering into account, Goff was strikingly competent. He could have put together this type of day against Lawrence Central High School, and it still would have been more impressive than any of his showings from 2016.

What stood out most was how comfortable Goff looked—both with his decision-making and with this offense. He had no qualms pushing the ball down the field, and, in receivers Sammy Watkins and rookie Cooper Kupp, L.A. has found two useful weapons to bring along the new
