======== SAMPLE 1 ========
, he spent much of Sunday saying nothing about the team he’s invested his entire heart and soul into. After calling for a quick zip motion to freeze Chicago’s defense before running back Dalvin Cook rushed for a game-altering interception, Payton stuck to his guns and told Cook to hurry, even as Cook relentlessly pounded the area on a rare second-and-30, constantly bringing 2- and 3-zone success to an end. The Payton offense was more than capable of becoming a groupplace fodder this season, and this was further proof this offense can thrive as a group without a head coach.

 Payton proved why he’s long been part of this story line by showing off his work with a couple of the first-quarter snaps he got during the Panthers’ 16-12 loss to the Jets. Here, in reverse order, are the conference’s top 10 offenses and defenses through Sunday, Oct. 31.

RELATED

The Winners and Losers From NFL Week 8
1. Seattle Seahawks (4–2–CHI)
Through two games this fall (home losses to the Steelers and Cowboys), the Seahawks were the NFL’s fourth-quarter driveress. Week 8 saw them secure a first–round bye after carrying 18 times for a ridiculous run in their matchup with the Cowboys, while also establishing that Watson is not a deep threat. Now that they have a stable of quarterbacks, Seahawks fans, and tech savvy people, it’s time to get excited about what Watson can do behind the ball.

Watson is the NFL’s fourth-highest-rated offense, and, with two interceptions and a reportedly low-down-shot hit on the quarterback Johnny Holton, the Seahawks’ attack should be expected to pick up any time Watson touches the ball. The 33-year-old was routinely given ample time to throw, and if Watson could have gotten enough relief throws, the Rams were able to combine deception with play-design ingenuity.

Calvin Johnson
Calvin Johnson
✔
@CF_Johnson
 A perfect example of why Watson has such a tough time. Johnson was asked to start at quarterback in Week 8, and he stuck at quarterback through all 16 games in which he was open.was hired in January largely because of the performance of an unquestioned leader. Johnson has taken to Twitter to prove to his team that he’s not just another thin skin on the NFL’s sideline.  

@Panthers
 Watson does an excellent job explaining how he pulled this on Watson against Arizona, before explaining how he pulled this on Watson against Minnesota:
Oh yeah, and D.J. Humphries is already on the field. That’s just adorable.
And there’s only one Jimmy Graham’s’ catch.
<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>
NoNo division in football has been as ruthlessly competitive as the AFC West over the past few years. The Raiders were one of the feel-good stories of last season, pouncing on the rest of the league en route to going 12-4; they finished second in the division behind the 12-4 Chiefs. One year earlier Kansas City rode a 10-game winning streak to a 11-5 record; it finished second behind the eventual Super Bowl champion Broncos. The AFC West has recently resembled a jungle for its inhabitants, and things seem no different this time around. Through two weeks it’s again shaping up to be the NFL’s best division—and a season-long version of the Thunderdome.

The most impressive win of Week 8 belonged to the Broncos (2-0), who shellacked the visiting Cowboys, 42-17. Denver entered the season without much turnover from the roster it fielded in 2016. President of football operations and general manager John Elway used some offseason resources to boost his offensive line, spending on Ronald Leary and Menelik Watson in free agency and taking Utah left tackle Garett Bolles in the first round of the 2017 draft. Aside from that, though, the Broncos making a jump from a 9-7 campaign relied on the team seeing improvements from guys already in the building. After two games, it appears Denver is getting just that.

For starters, third-year quarterback (and 2015 seventh-round pick) Trevor Siemian has proved he’s the man for the job. Some saw Siemian holding off 2016 first-round passer Paxton Lynch in training camp as a negative for the franchise’s long-term trajectory, but the Northwestern product has impressed against both the Chargers and the Cowboys. He went 22-of-32 passing for 231 yards with four touchdowns against Dallas, throwing for a pair of scores to wideout Emmanuel Sanders. The Broncos kept Siemian’s workload manageable, electing to attack the Cowboys with an array of short, quick throws that allowed his receivers
