======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 total (25.4) and took the shotgun snap. The play had a completion probability of 20.7%, the lowest for any completed pass thrown in Week 13.

Go crazy.@DedeTHEGreat11 | #DUUUVAL pic.twitter.com/yYb7mxhSou

- #DUUUVAL (@Jaguars) December 1, 2019
Foles, of course, threw an interception two plays later, and Minshew replaced him to start the second half of a 28-11 loss. Jaguars coach Doug Marrone announced Monday that Minshew will regain the starting job, putting Foles' future in Jacksonville in jeopardy.

Simulate your own scenarios and check the latest playoff picture. Playoff Machine '
* Full schedule ' | Standings ' | More '

There's no doubt Foles had had a rough go since returning from a broken collarbone. The Jaguars are 0-3 in his starts, and his 27.9 QBR ranks No. 27 in the league during that period. But Sunday's dime is a reminder of what Foles can do when he has a clean pocket. He used 2.77 seconds to wait for Westbrook to spring open. But even then, the closest Buccaneers defender to Foles was 2.3 yards away, according to NFL Next Gen Stats.

Since he returned in Week 11, Foles has been forced to either throw or leave the pocket after 2.30 seconds, less time than all but one quarterback over that period. Minshew is better equipped to deal with poor protection, but if this is it for Foles in Jacksonville, I'm comfortable saying he never got a true chance.


Any analysis of Brissett's seemingly brutal performance on Sunday must follow a similar path to that of his former teammate in New England. How much of it was Brissett? And how much of it was due to a severe personnel shortage at receiver?

NFL PrimeTime continues this postseason with extended highlights and analysis following the conclusion of each day's playoff games. Watch on ESPN+

ESPN Stats & Information credited Brissett with a career-high 10 overthrows in a 31-17 loss to the Titans. Both of his interceptions came on overthrows. And eight of them came in the second half, as the Colts were outscored 24-7.

It's only fair, of course, to point out that Brissett was playing without pass-catchers T.Y. Hilton, Chester Rogers, Eric Ebron and Parris Campbell. And don't forget that Brissett hasn't had veteran receiver Devin Funchess since Week 1. Even the Colts' top running back, Marlon Mack, was missing from the lineup.

The difference between Brissett and Brady, of course, is that Brissett hasn't earned any benefit of the doubt. As he heads into the final month of his first season as a starter, Brissett ranks No. 22 (of 31 qualified players) in QBR at 48.2. That leaves the Colts facing a more difficult decision than they might have anticipated after the surprise retirement of Andrew Luck: Do they need to find a new starter for 2020 or can they give Brissett a clean-enough canvas to convince them he should return?



Any analysis of Brissett's seemingly brutal performance on Sunday must follow a similar path to that of his former teammate in New England. How much of it was Brissett? And how much of it was due to a severe personnel shortage at receiver?

NFL PrimeTime continues this postseason with extended highlights and analysis following the conclusion of each day's playoff games. Watch on ESPN+

ESPN Stats & Information credited Brissett with a career-high 10 overthrows in a 31-17 loss to the Texans. That's 12 more than he threw Sunday, when he was 10-of-15 passing and wasn't much of a threat from the air. More than a month into the 2017 campaign, it has been the talk that the Patriots would present Brissett with a finaling fourth-down rushing strike, as they try to close the gap in the fourth quarter.

Brissett's teammates say that's what drew them to his defense Sunday.

It was their seventh touchdown of the game, and the longest in any game they have played. Their fourth-quarter reaction was one of the most creative in their 20-15 victory over the Texans.

They rushed for an easy touchdown, throwing a perfect 39.4% of his passes at or behind the line of scrimmage. When he wasn't taking six sacks, the Broncos were comfortably single-game scoring defense, and their fourth-quarter approach was one of the most baffling decisions of an otherwise overachieving season.

Since he returned in Week 11, Brissett has been forced to either throw or leave the pocket after 2.30 seconds, less time than
