======== SAMPLE 1 ========
-yard touchdown. By that point in the afternoon, the early-season wins over the Seahawks and Raiders were enough to lift the Raiders to four consecutive victories.

With an average player age of 27.47 years, the Cardinals entered this fall as the oldest team in the NFL. Yet while organizations such as the Chiefs and Texans took their respective quarterbacks of the future in the first round of this spring’s draft, Arizona elected to wait, loading up for one more go with Palmer and Larry Fitzgerald, and later trading for 32-year-old running back Adrian Peterson. After finishing 13-3 and a game shy of a Super Bowl berth in the 2015 season, the Cardinals front office has spent the past two years tinkering with the edges of this roster in the hopes of making another push with an aging core. It seems like this group’s window has closed, though, and, with the team poised to potentially lose both Palmer and Fitzgerald to retirement, 2018 could mark a new era in the desert.

The good news for Arizona is that it has enough young pieces in place that a rebuild wouldn’t start from scratch. Chandler Jones, Patrick Peterson, and David Johnson form a strong nucleus, and the Cardinals would have about $50 million in offseason cap space if Palmer and Fitzgerald were to come off the books. That money could be spent to help retool the offensive line and other problem areas on this roster. Yet the most pressing need would be addressing who’d play quarterback in 2018 if Palmer is out. Head coach Bruce Arians saw Blaine Gabbert as an intriguing project when he signed with Arizona this summer, but he isn’t a long-term answer. Sam Bradford, Kirk Cousins, and Jimmy Garoppolo combine to give next year’s free-agent class a level of intrigue that was missing from a 2016 market led by Mike Glennon, and the Cards could choose to invest there. And if this team does crater down the stretch in Palmer’s absence, it could be in prime position to make a play for a passer toward the top of the 2018 draft.

As for the rest of this season: With the Cardinals tumbling out of the NFC West playoff picture, the Rams have gladly stepped into their place. They’re now 5-2 and look like a legitimate threat. Even on the days when Jared Goff and the passing game struggle, Los Angeles is able to find offense based on head coach Sean McVay’s resourcefulness and Gurley’s sheer will.

2. The Aaron Rodgers injury created a void at the top of the NFC, and the Saints might be the team to fill it. With New Orleans heading into this weekend on a three-game winning streak, its Week 7 visit to Green Bay came at an interesting time. The NFC playoff race is even more wide open than usual with Rodgers sidelined by a broken collarbone, and the Saints have all the ingredients to stay prominently in the mix.The New Orleans defense allowed the Packers to score a couple of early touchdowns Sunday, but those two scores accounted for almost the entirety of the Green Bay offense. First-round 2017 pick Marshon Lattimore has been a revelation at corner in his rookie season, and he’s gotten plenty of help: The Saints rank 16th in scoring defense. With Drew Brees still piloting the offense, average is all that unit ever needed to be.

The combination of Brees, an underrated line, and a running game that’s found its footing with the rotation of Mark Ingram and Alvin Kamara make the New Orleans offense potent, even it lacks the record-smashing passing attack that it’s had in years past. And it’s clear that head coach Sean Payton wants Ingram (22 carries) and Kamara (nine carries and seven targets) to remain focal points, an approach that could make Brees’s job easier in the long run. The Saints look good right now—and they look even better after surveying the rest of the NFC.

3. Having a cluster of star playmakers could mean more this season than in years past. That’d benefit Pittsburgh and Dallas. Two weeks ago, Kevin Clark and I discussed how having the best player on the field (Rodgers and Brady, namely) felt like an even bigger deal in 2017 than usual, mirroring the impact that advantage has in the NBA more than the one it’s traditionally had in the NFL. And while neither Antonio Brown nor Le’Veon Bell is the football equivalent of LeBron James, they may be the NFL’s versions of Steph Curry and Klay Thompson.

 Cincinnati Bengals v Pittsburgh Steelers
Photo by Justin K. Aller/Getty Images
The Steelers offense hasn’t been the scoreboard-exploding machine that some anticipated coming into the fall, but it feels like Bell, Brown, or both are able to take over every game in which Pittsburgh plays. A week after the pair
