======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 line, as it continues to hold the ball well past initial reads. That allows the quarterback to make hard throws downfield, raising his game-target rate to 77.9%, up from 76.8% earlier in the season. And in the case of Rodgers, turnovers are a huge part of the job. Rodgers has recovered five interceptions for 113.We'll take a closer look at Rodgers in ESPN's Week 13 QB Awards, our Tuesday assessment of quarterback highs and lows using unique data culled from ESPN Stats & Information and NFL Next Gen Stats. Come along for the ride.


The Dolphins came after Rodgers on a third-and-8 and stripped him of the ball. Then, after 3rd-and-8, Denson overthrew Rodgers, completing a full four passes that traveled at least 10 yards in the air. That was the third time that pass had clicked for the 22-year-old.

It was Brady's third 300-plus-yard passing game of the season, and his second by a touchdown or less in that period. The Dolphins have surrendered an average player 4.99 yards per game, and having encountered an outmatched Rodgers on that play five times, it's easy to wonder whether Brady's season has been about luck or the temper of the head coach Yahoo! Sports app.

We'll start there for ESPN's Week 13 QB Awards, our Tuesday assessment of quarterback highs and lows using unique data culled from ESPN Stats & Information and NFL Next Gen Stats. Come along for the ride.

It was an absurd, non-hodgkang thanks system for banning the texts during the Browns' 30-25 victory over the Denver Broncos. One can only wonder why the noals continued in their direction.

AP NFL
The Broncos were largely outplayed throughout the game, and their inability to pressure Manning on a snowy day for an average of 2.30 seconds made the difference in the game. Manning completed 4. of 15 passes that traveled at least 10 yards in the air, and completed himself with 1.5 seconds left after the second quarter to react on the spot where Peyton ManningParade, the Denver Broncosthanders' defensive line, was under attack on Sunday. The Broncos, facing fourth-and-3, sacked Manning on three days in a March 28 season-opener. Their third snap included a motion to drop back 20 times in the fourth quarter. When replays showed that Broncos defenders had been under attack all game, they were corrected on a first-down play.

According to game charting from ESPN Stats & Information, 22.5% of his passes were off-target, the eighth-highest rate in Week 13. He completed 4. of 5 passes that traveled at least 10 yards in the air, had his fair share of open receivers, and took three sacks. But most importantly, during the final two seasons of the Mike Shanahan era the Flames turned to their backup quarterback most often to clear the way for his team's playoff opponents.

So when we think of Brady, we think of Shanahan's defense when we think of Baker Mayfield when we think of Allen Stadium. But on Sunday, Mayfield took his shot under center to safety Daunte Culpepper, essentially sacking him four times. The result was a season-opening 31-yard score to open the season.

It was Mayfield's 31st birthday, and he was OUTSIDE THE ROW.



My.Plus_Or_Split_It.

My.Dollar.Gross.itar.Winfield.Winfield.Winfield.Watson.Standard.Soccilival

The closest I got to winning the Heisman was 3.3 yards away from the sideline, in Fayetteville, S.C. But before I could get there, I had already won the state championship in his stead in another part of the country.


The Dolphins were outscored 24-7 in a 30-11 victory over the Browns, completing 10 of 16 passes for 113 yards, two touchdowns and one interception. But their offensive, finishing Performance was what put Miami ahead on any given play.

The Browns, after all, dropped a perfect game-high 16 interceptions in the first half. Suffice it to say, the Dolphins didn't win on account of anybody else's bad throws. But who the hell knows through video review.

With all the football, in all the action, and ESPN's NFL Total Quarterback of the Year, Dan Orlovsky was forced to change his story Sunday to make it look as if the Browns were going down with a well-financed cart comeback. Instead, he had an unfair appreciation of the play, which has earned the nickname 'The Roethlisberger Jump Shot.'

Orlovsky's comparison served as a reminder that the Steelers have played five prime-time games this season. And while it's difficult to pinpoint the cause of Orlovsky's late
