======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 do they do to you?. (Shout out to you) You ain't no longer, you ain't no longer.... There's always something I'd never, never, never let. That you can give me. (Shout out to you) You ain't no longer, you ain't no longer.... There's always something I'd never, never, never let. That you can give me. (Shout out to you) You're so good to me!. (Shout out to you) You're so good to me!. (Feel). So bad. It's so bad. It's so bad. (Feel). So bad. It's so wrong. It's so wrong. (Feel). So wrong. Its so wrong. You're so wrong. Your good, your good. You're so wrong. I'm so wrong. Im so wrong. You're so wrong. Your good, your good. You're so wrong. Its so wrong. (Feel). I'm so wrong. So wrong !"<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>So Evil by pitbull
"If you really got to know what I like you better watch my back. Yeah, I like you so much, yeah, and you do it out loud. And I'm a fuckin, crazy, crazy bitch, yeah. I'm gonna be the baddest fuck you can dream of (You know what time?). And I'm not gonna have my shit done, no more, not, not, no more. But all you gon do is be a stupid bitch, a dumb ass bitch, she gon be like this (Yeah). And I'm on fire, my shit go like a fire. Then, then the next time I'm up, with a guy I like so. I'm in an ambulance ride, a fuckin' bitch I call a baz. And, fuck you, bitch, I'm just a fuckin' bitch (Fuck you). I'm like this. I'm not gonna have my shit done, no more, just like this. And I'm just a fuckin' bitch, I'm like this (Fuck you). I'm not gonna have my shit done, no more, no more (Fuck you). I'm just gonna be a fuckin' bitch, a fool, a fuckin' bitch (Fuck you). I'm not gonna have my shit done, no more, no more (Fuck you). Now I'm a badass, badass bitch, a stupid bitch (Fuck you!). And I'm just a fuckin' bitch, you got an act. and now that I don't know what it's been for. (What a stupid bitch). Now I'm the fucking meanest fucking bitch, a stupid bitch (Fuck you!). And I be like how I want and I be scared (Fuck you). Just take it back, take it back, take it back. Oh, your head of, say, my fuckin' is so fucked up. Like what that bitch have like this (How long). I like what you say about, what you say about. Hey, just how do I like the way your lips look?. My dick, my dick I like. (I like that). That's what you say you wanna do (Uh-uh). The way that you dress, that's what you do. Oh. that's funny, you know how the girls say that. Then how did I get that number down to the hundred?. Oh. you wanna go down and have a drink and a movie and a cigarette and all that?. Hey, you know (You know what I mean). (The way that you dress, that's what you do). I like you like it like you like it like you like it. (Hey it's funny) I like you like it like you like it like it. (Hey it's funny) I like you like it like you like it like it. (Hey it's funny) I like you like it like you like it like it. (Hey it's funny) I like you like it like you like it like it like it. (Hey it's funny) I like you like it like you like itlike it like it like it. (Hey it's funny) I like you like it like you like it like it like it like it. (Hey it's funny) I like you like it like you like it like it like it like it. (Hey it's funny) I like you like it like you like it like it like it like itlike it. (Hey it's funny) I like you like it like you like it like it like it like it like it. (Hey it's funny) I like you like it like you like it like it like it like it like it like it. (Hey it's funny) I like you like it like you like it like it like it like it like it. (Hey it's funny) I like you like it like you like
