======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 far better schools, better hospitals, better schools. It’s been through. It’s gotten better the quicker this has been distributing the vaccine. Everyone’s been fantastic. All of America. Do you see that’s the best we can do at all, that’s the best we can do at all? And then I ask you, President Trump, if you would have been in charge more closely with us on down the road, what would you have done?
Joe Biden: What I would have done is been much the same thing that I was responsible for taking care of the elderly in the White House and reaching out to the African-American community. I would have been much laterality with Joe.
Kristen Welker: Okay. President Trump, your reaction?
Donald Trump: What I would have done is been much the same thing that I was responsible for taking care of the elderly in the White House and reaching out to the African-American community. It would have been four years ago … four years ago — I don’t even know what he called his 'clubs of people' — he described me. I don’t know what he called them. He called me… I don’t know what he said.
Donald Trump: He said, “It was so… so wrong' and he left me the job.
Joe Biden: And I left me the best possible company to do that.
Kristen Welker: Let me ask this final question in this section and then I want to move on to our final section. President Trump, people of color are much more likely to live with persistent COVID. What are you and other Black transgender people who can do to make it over trying to live with what they face?
Donald Trump: Lives under more fear. People don’t know where they are, hate the new administration, dislike the new Supreme Court, have family court cases and more. Those things are real. And look at what’s happening with social distancing and mores, especially black. When I was in charge of the Black Transgender Act, 1994, relating to teachers, they were talking about, in fact, the transmittal rate to the class, the minimum number of transmittal letters that we had to send them. I said, “What do you want to teach them?” They were dead set against it.
Donald Trump: [inaudible 00:33:00].
Kristen Welker: All right, Vice President Biden, and then we’re going to move on to our final section. P.K. Rowling did a great job this week taking a look at the issue of race in a number of countries, especially to countries with a significant number of people of color. The United States has a high rate of hate crimes, including by race. In Europe, which is his biggest market, Europe, a number of other places, there are criminal justice reform bills, which is his plan, not hers, she he wants to make criminal justice reform. Criminal justice reform is his plan, not hers. You’re going to have to give him all the votes he needs to get it through. And I sure hope that by the time I get to this stage of the year in office to give all Americans a say in the law, in the outcome of this election. But I bet you he doesn’t want to say anything about a future relationship with Russia, where he’s involved. Donald Trump: I don’t know. You know who he is.
Kristen Welker: Let me ask this final question in this section and then I need to move on to our final section. President Trump, people of color are much more likely to live with HIV and are more at higher risk. Making the immune system more and more vulnerable to H1N1s is another way he is contributing to a hostile work environment. Do you see that as a betrayal of the relationship that he and Ivanka are building.
Donald Trump: No.
Kristen Welker: Okay. Vice President Biden, your response and then we’re going to move on to the final section.
Donald Trump: The biggest problem we have is with China. When I was in charge of the China policy, we were able to pass through to almost the whole of China. That’s a major new transshipment of people. We passed through to so many places, many countries. Now we’re passing through so many more countries. We’re not having a fight and we’re going to be able to bring them up, they have to be reassured that they understand what is going on and are taking care of them. We have to be doing that, taking care of them. That’s what we’ve done and I’m proud of China.
Kristen Welker: Vice President Biden, your
