======== SAMPLE 1 ========
. We got the gowns. We had the masks. We had the masks of the people who were in real need. We got the masks for the people who were in real need. And now we’re going to display it like it’s the case is done. There’s nothing we can do. There’s nothing we can do.
Chris Wallace: Vice President-elect Mike Pence, you have spoken about the need to confront climate change and you have said you are concerned about spikes in heat waves and storms. How serious are you of a concern about this or any other?
Vice President Joe Biden: I’m concerned about the distribution of pesticides. We can’t keep track of the numbers because people are so sick and so poor. We’ve got it all on our plates. We’ve got it very simple. We’ve given pesticide free fertilizers to everything from ships today. We’ve given tens of millions of acres to developers and corporations to deal with this. Why should we be concerned about this? Why should we be concerned about? When you have a spike in crime, when you have deadly diarrhea, when you have mold, whatever it is, it’s a problem. You have to manage it. You have to deal with it. And what we’ve done, in fact, there have been heel spikes in France, in Germany, in India, but no more than when you had a major incident like that in Europe. The reason why it’s so, it’s just wrong. It’s like a mask. No, it’s a mask what you give it. You put a mask on, you have a mask on. I wear a mask like everyone else. I have a mask right now. I don’t feel like I’m losing my edge. I feel like I’m on par with some of the other people, if you look at what’s going on in China, look at what’s going on in India. Look what’s going on in Europe. Look what’s happening. There’s nothing but good things going.
President Donald J. Trump: The places I have been in power are peaceful families looking to make ends meet. This is a stranger country with that. It’s a trap. They want to get rid of you. You weren’t president-
Chris Wallace: Gentlemen, you realize if you’re both speaking at the same time. Let the President. Go ahead, sir.
President Donald J. Trump: Countries that aren’t peaceful, look what’s happening. Countries that are. Look what’s happening is support for peaceful protests going on in many cities is unheard of. It’s been going up in smoke and fire for months. Many of those people have been getting shot, some of them a lot have been shot at. Most of those people have been driven out of the country. And so it’s a disaster. It’s a disaster on his watch.
Chris Wallace: I understand that, sir. But I have to give you roughly equal time.
President Donald J. Trump: There aren’t 30 million people getting healthcare at any one time. A lot of people get hit by the mail, nearly every day. In Virginia, they had their mailman pick them up at the airport and they would be sent to the mail office. There would be no problem. The people getting healthcare would get it right away. The people would be getting the disease control they had at the hospital. That’s what was going to happen. It was going to happen over the counter.
Chris Wallace: Wait, wait, is it fair to say he didn’t do a good job?
President Donald J. Trump: Did you? Did you Roy Moore?
Chris Wallace: You’re supposed to be the judge. You’re supposed to know the people behind the mask.
President Donald J. Trump: I would never wear that mask.
Vice President Joe Biden: I don’t wear a mask like him.
President Donald J. Trump: You’re the worst part of him.
Vice President Joe Biden: I’m the best part of him.
President Donald J. Trump: You’re the worst part of him.
Vice President Joe Biden: I’m the best part of him.
President Donald J. Trump: Which is you’re also the most unpopular president in the history of America.
Vice President Joe Biden: The longest period of Democratic rule in American history.
President Donald J. Trump: Including the Civil War.
Vice President Joe Biden: Including the end of the Civil War.
President Donald J. Trump: Including the weekend after the election.

