======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 said up to my face the way he does. He said it over your head, Joe. He said it over your head, I SAY it. We have an election's over-ruling. They’re letting people run for public office. They don’t need a clown commission. They’re running for president.
Vice President Joe Biden: That is not true.
President Donald J. Trump: They don’t need my approval. You just got to look at what they’re doing.
Vice President Joe Biden: That is not true.
President Donald J. Trump: They don’t need my approval. We’re doing things that are going to create thousands and millions of jobs. We have record low unemployment before the storm.
President Donald J. Trump: I’m up to them.
Vice President Joe Biden: I’m up to them.
President Donald J. Trump: We’re having more economic growth than the least friendly country in the history of the world.
Vice President Joe Biden: That is not true.
President Donald J. Trump: Many countries, Latvia and Estonia. Many other places.
Vice President Joe Biden: Does that mean I have to answer his stuff.
President Donald J. Trump: That’s not true.
Vice President Joe Biden: Not true.
President Donald J. Trump: This is a 100 trillion-
Vice President Joe Biden: Simply… Look-
President Donald J. Trump: That’s more money than Russia makes in a year. Russia makes 10% of our GDP. China makes 10% of our GDP. India makes 10%. And because of my trade deals, if we don’t do well, China could be thrown out of the Paris Accord. It’s a free trade area. India could be thrown out of the Paris Accord. CAP. It’s a bad deal. And I’m not going to do that. I’m not going to accept a free trade area.
Chris Wallace: All right. Let’s-
President Donald J. Trump: Go ahead.
Chris Wallace: No.
President Donald J. Trump: Okay.
Chris Wallace: No. Vice President Biden, you have two minutes.
President Donald J. Trump: Go ahead.
Chris Wallace: President Trump, you have two minutes.
President Donald J. Trump: Stop.
Vice President Joe Biden: Yes.
Chris Wallace: You have two minutes, sir.
President Donald J. Trump: You have two minutes, sir.
Chris Wallace: You have two minutes, sir. Here’s the deal. We’re increasing the federal carbon tax. The federal cigarette tax is an 8% tax on the sale of cigarettes to women, to people with pre-existing conditions. You have just raised the ire of a lot of people because you talked about the leaves bulging and the ground turning black. There’s a problem. You have a rising seaside town and you look at our economy, we’re in very good shape. We spend billions of dollars now and they’re looking at the Paris Accord, they’re looking at the Paris Accord, what the deal is. We have the highest domestic greenhouse gas emissions, behind only Mexico. We have the lowest carbon footprint. We’re making it easier for people to get their feet weter and crisper and pack less. We’re closing down the best in the business. Come on.
Vice President Joe Biden: The greatest killer of our people, number one. And number two, we’re going to make it easier for people to get their feet weter and warmer. Walk on. That’s what we’re going to do. We’re going to make it much easier for people to get their feet weter and more comfortable. We’re making it even easier for people to do what I admire so much about this country, do what I say in my coming days, number one.
Number two, we are going to make it much easier for people to get their feet weter and more comfortable. We have the best schools in the nation. In fact, we were able to had some of the highest graduation rates in the country. We have the best schools in the country. And we’re spending billions of dollars fixing the bad schools in America. And the good schools are, these teachers and students. We’re teaching them what it means to be a good student. And the problem is, it’s often not worth it.
President Donald J. Trump: And it’s often just a sold-out show.
Vice President Joe Biden: Yes.
President Donald J. Trump: And it’s a con. It’s often a con. And he goes, Well
