======== SAMPLE 1 ========
re paying the price for our sovereignty.
Kristen Welker: President Trump, let me ask you both some questions about both of these issues. Very quickly, I want to ask you to be less confrontational with foreign countries. Why should Americans take no action except for military force? You go first, sir. Two minutes to respond. [crosstalk 00:58:20].
Donald Trump: They [thefs: Putin] are crazy, because they’re forcing our will. They have done what we’ve wanted it as a party issue ever since we set up our beautiful golf course for them to take care of them. And we changed. It’s not like we ever had to worry about the outcome of the election. Sure, some people were unhappy with the direction we was going, but a majority of Americans say they’m concerned. We have to respond. We have to take control. That’s what we’ve decided.
Kristen Welker: Okay. President Trump, unlike your husband, you say you’re not worried about the outcome of the election. You promise you’re going to be…mittal'n'bolít going to be able to muster the energy to heat the homes and generate the heat in the summer months and create thousands and thousands of new jobs. Youew, the windmills, will you promise to deliver to 10 million states with a fine and a half by the federal court to settle any dispute?
Donald Trump: We are going to be delivering over 400,000 jobs, millions of good-paying jobs, and we’re going to deliver on Obama’s plan, which was, if you remember that, if state says they want to seek a court order to overturn Obama Environmental policy, they can do it. And if they say they want to seek a court order, they can do it. But if they want to seek a court order, they can do that. And we have a choice. We’re going to work this. We’re going to give states discretion to go in and spend millions and millions of dollars trying to overturn laws they want. As President, I will veto any law that violates that sovereignty. And I will say to the American people, I will protect reproductive rights and access to childbearing years one year, three years, from the election of the next president. I will protect by making sure that the next president of the United States is going to have the capacity. The capacity is going to be able to fight for women their rights, be it in the legislature, the White House, or in the bench. It’s not just going to be a problem. It’s going to be a problem in the court. And we will have socialized medicine, the capacity to do justice to a date not seen in modern times, where a long time has elapsed, to an election year. A short time ago, before we even got into the security of the White House, there was violence. And since then, no president has come along to the table and said, “This is not going to be a good night for our country.” Or, “Any country that interferes with us will be apprehended.” But come on. What would you do if that happened?
Joe Biden: What I would do is make sure we have the world’s energy industry in a relationship that’s the best possible deal for both of them. And I’d like to say that these guys, they did it. See, oil is not going away. Gas is not going away. We are not going away. That’s why I said, “Don’t worry. It’s going away soon.” They’re investing in it. In fact, it’s helping. It’s providing some fuel for the fire in the old steel plant that’s gone, and that’s all they need to do.
Kristen Welker: I want to talk about two issues, which is the economy and foreignungs everything we’re selling. The first is that Russia is trying to intercede for the black market in Ukrainian mail-in ballots. That’s what’s going on. They’re going to do anything to stop it. There’s a reason why he keeps talking about Moscow. You mean Eastern Europe. Nancy Pelosi is fighting him. You mean Wall Street. You see that. Joe, you have two minutes here.
Kristen Welker: President Trump, we have to move on.
Donald Trump: You don’t know the area.
Joe Biden: Know the area, Joe.
Kristen Welker: Queens, let me bring you into this conversation. Let’s move on.
Donald Trump: You don’t know
