======== SAMPLE 1 ========
’d like to know who they are.
Vice President Joe Biden: Well, I’ll give you the list of the people who-
President Donald J. Trump: I’m going to give you a list of the people who-
Chris Wallace: Gentlemen-
President Donald J. Trump: I’m going to give you a list of the people who-
Vice President Joe Biden: I’m going to give you a list of the people I’m going to give you a list of the workers who are not-
President Donald J. Trump: So let me just tell you something. If you look at Chicago, if we get the votes, I would say 100 million people would be warm and fuzzy now. If I were a member of the Trump party, I’d probably pick up on this, but the people out there want their jobs. They want better healthcare. They’ve been waiting for this question since the end of the Civil War. But now they’re voting Republican.
President Donald J. Trump: You really think we should let people vote their way. They should be allowed to vote Republican. Vote Democrat. If you so choose. But vote, sir, because you will consider every aspect of this issue.
Chris Wallace: We’re going to get to the issue of equity. I want to return to your question about the question of who is and who is not allowed to vote, sir.
Vice President Joe Biden: All voters are people too. Voting is a human right. It’s a privilege. It’s something that a lot of people feel is fundamentally wrong with this country. One of the first things I’ll do as President of the United States is call together an entire group of people at the White House and bring together a group of people right away. We should call it a coalition of people. Look, the fact is that there are people out there who are trying to destroy our country. One of them is Mitt Romney. You should watch this. You should read this. You should go and vote. You’re voting now. Vote early. Vote wisely. Vote according to your feelings. Vote in person. Vote whatever way is the best way for you.
President Donald J. Trump: There aren’t a hundred million people getting healthcare they could during the Obama-Biden eight years ago in PA, where I lived, that didn’t. Oh really, who do you think is the most vulnerable population in this country? The one in which the coronavirus was able to strike so many? The one in which the vaccine had given way? The one in which the disease had penetrated the brain? Well, here’s the deal. This is a fact. Millions of people would be at considerable risk of dying. Many of them would be alive now. Many of them would be getting the proper care they could even now. The thing is, there’s nothing happening. Nothing. The virus is gone. Now it’s trying to take over the whole of Africa. It’s like a drug. It’s a bad habit. And it’s not new at all. Like all of the other things, lorazepam is good. It’s a pain reliever. It can be very effective. It can be a little hard on the eyes. It can be a little painful. But it’s been shown before, and it’s worked. And so we are going to give these people a chance to even try to have a normal life. And the people who have survived these missions are very proud of them. And this is not about the money. This is not about the people. This is about the Lord. And this is the only way that we’re going to bring this people back. It’s not about the money. It’s about the way that we bring these people back. By the way, by the way, we’re going to bring back all the people who have been so terribly, so farne. Many of them will be able to go back to their homes. They’re going to be able to go out and have a normal life. And by the way, the Democrats that are in the White House, they’ll have a very, very happy ending. And for the Democrats, it’s all set up well.
Chris Wallace,01:08:08,President Trump, Vice President Biden, and the people who have been so farne that they’re going to be okay. I understand that, sir. But I have to give you a minute to respond. You have repeatedly criticized…
President Donald J. Trump: He has a Little League Game.
Chris Wallace,01:08:13,You have repeatedly criticized the media, including many that have written about the
