======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 a billion dollars.
Joe Biden: I made it clear and I asked everyone else to take the pledge. I set up money in my budget, which is a school, that if you in fact do not have the wherewithal, the political will, the economic incentives, to get open, is detrimental to schools.
Kristen Welker: Why are you saying we’re learning to live with it?
Joe Biden: Because it’s a dangerous idea. When I was in charge of the recovery act with $800 billion, I was able to get $145 billion to local communities that have to balance their budgets and states that have to balance their budgets. And then they have to fire firefighters, teachers, first responders, law enforcement officers, so they could keep their cities and counties running. He will not support that. They have not done a thing for them. And Mitch McConnell said, “Let them go bankrupt. Let them go bankrupt.” Come on. What’s the matter with these guys?
Donald Trump: The bill that was passed in the House was a bailout of badly run, high crime, Democrat, all run by Democrat cities and states. It was a way of getting a lot of money, billions and billions of dollars, to these guys. It was also a way of getting a lot of money from our people’s pockets to people that come into our country illegally. We were going to take care of everything for them. And I’d love to do that. I’d love to help them. But what that does, everybody all over the world will start pouring into our country. We can’t do it. This was a way of taking care of them. This was a way of spending on things that had nothing to do with COVID, as per your question. But it was really a big bailout for badly run Democrat cities and states.
Kristen Welker: All right. I want to-
Joe Biden: By the way, if I get elected, I’m not going to… I’m running as a proud Democrat, but I’m going to be an American president. I don’t see red states and blue states. What I see is American United States. And folks, every single state out there finds themself in trouble. They’re going to start laying off, whether they’re red or blue, cops, firefighters, first responders, teachers, because they have to balance their budget. And the founders were smart. They allowed the federal government to deficit spend to compensate for the United States of America.
Kristen Welker: I want to talk about the minimum wage, gentlemen. Mr. Vice President, we are talking a lot about struggling small businesses and business owners these days. Do you think this is the right time to ask them to raise the minimum wage? You of course support a $15 federal minimum wage.
Joe Biden: I do, because I think one of the things we’re going to have to do is we’re going to have to bail them out too. We should be bailing them out now, those small businesses. You got one in six of them going under. They’re not going to be able to make it back. They passed a package that allows us to be able… They call it PPP. Money is supposed to go to help them do everything from organize how they can deal with their businesses being open safely, schools, how they can make classrooms smaller, how they can hire more teachers, how they can put ventilation systems in. They need the help. The businesses, as well as the schools, need the help. These guys will not help them. It’s not giving them any of the money.
Kristen Welker: We are going to move on to immigration, but I want to get-
Donald Trump: Excuse me. One thing very quickly. He said we have to help our small businesses by raising the minimum wage. That’s not helping. I think it should be a state option. Alabama is different than New York. New York is different from Vermont. Every state is different. It should be a state option.
Kristen Welker: You said very recently-
Donald Trump: It’s very important. We have to help our small businesses.
Kristen Welker: You said-
Donald Trump: How are you helping your small businesses when you’re forcing wages? What’s going to happen, and what’s been proven to happen, is when you do that, these small businesses fire many of their employees.
Kristen Welker: You said very recently-
Joe Biden: Not true, by the way.
Kristen Welker: … you would consider raising the federal minimum wage to $15 an hour.
Donald Trump: Say it. Say it.
Kristen Welker:
