======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 hands that they may have to pay the price for not paying by them economically.”
Joe Biden: That’s the way I will run it, and that’s what we did and upholding steel tariffs and a range of other things when we were president and vice-president.
Kristen Welker: All right. Let’s talk about North Korea.
Donald Trump: No, no, no.
Kristen Welker: Let…
Donald Trump: Excuse me. No, I have to…
Joe Biden: … and Vice President.
Kristen Welker: All right, let’s talk about North Korea-
Donald Trump: Excuse me. No, I have to respond to that.
Kristen Welker: Okay. Very quickly, and then we’re going to move on to North Korea.
Donald Trump: His son walked out with a billion and a half dollars from China to …
Joe Biden: Not true.
Donald Trump: … after spending 10 minutes in office and being in Air Force Two. Number one. Number two, there’s a very strong email talking about your family wanting to make $10 million a year for introductions.
Kristen Welker: President Trump, on China policy-
Joe Biden: That’s not true.
Kristen Welker: … though, what specifically-
Donald Trump: No, but wait a minute.
Kristen Welker: What are you going to do, what specifically are you going to do to make China pay? You’ve said you’re going to make them pay.
Donald Trump: First of all, China is paying. They’re paying billions and billions of dollars. I just gave $28 billion.
Kristen Welker: New sanctions?
Donald Trump: I just gave $28 billion to our farmers.
Joe Biden: Tax payer’s money.
Donald Trump: It’s what?
Joe Biden: Taxpayer’s money. Didn’t come from China.
Donald Trump: No, no. You know who the taxpayer is? It’s called China.
Joe Biden: Not true.
Donald Trump: China pays 28 billion, and you know what they did to pay it, Joe? They devalued their currency and they also paid up, and you know got the money? Our farmers, our great farmers, because they were targeted. You never charged them anything. Also, I charged them 25% on dumped steel, because they were killing our steel industry. We were not going to have a steel industry.
Kristen Welker: Okay.
Donald Trump: And now we have a steel industry.
Kristen Welker: Okay. Vice President Biden, your response, please.
Joe Biden: My response is, look, there’s a reason why he’s bringing up all this malarkey. There’s a reason for it. He doesn’t want to talk about the substantive issues. It’s not about his family and my family. It’s about your family, and your family’s hurting badly. If you’re a middle-class family, you’re getting hurt badly right now. You’re sitting at the kitchen table this morning deciding, “Well, we can’t get new tires. They’re bald, because we have to wait another month or so.” Or, “Are we going to be able to pay the mortgage?” Or, “Who’s going to tell her she can’t go back to community college?” They’re the decisions you’re making, and the middle-class families like I grew up in Scranton and Claymont, they’re in trouble. We should be talking about your families, but that’s the last thing he wants to talk about.
Donald Trump: That is a typical statement.
Joe Biden: I want to talk about North Korea.
Donald Trump: Excuse me. Just for one second, please.
Kristen Welker: 10 seconds, Mr. President. 10 seconds.
Donald Trump: That’s a typical political statement. Let’s get off this China thing, and then he looks, “The family around the table, everything.” Just a typical politician when I see that. I’m not a typical politician.
Kristen Welker: Let’s talk about North Korea now.
Donald Trump: That’s why I got elected. Let’s get off the subject of China. Let’s talk about sitting around the table. Come on, Joe. You could do better.
Kristen Welker: We’re going to talk about North Korea now. President Trump
