======== SAMPLE 1 ========
. Now let me pick up on that. You would continue your free market approach, lower taxes, more deregulation, correct?
President Donald J. Trump: Not lower tax for the American people.
Chris Wallace: But let me-
President Donald J. Trump: Excuse me.
Chris Wallace: You talk about the economy booming. It turns out that in Obama’s final three years as president more jobs were created, a million and a half more jobs, than in the first three years of your presidency.
President Donald J. Trump: They had the slowest economic recovery since 1929. It was the slowest recovery. Also, they took over something that was down here. All you had to do is turn on the lights and you pick up a lot. But they had the slowest economic recovery since 1929, and let me tell you about the stock market. When the stock market goes up, that means jobs. It also means 401ks. If you got in, if you ever became president with your ideas, you want to terminate my taxes. I’ll tell you what, you’ll lose. Half of the companies that have poured in here will leave. And plenty of companies that are already here, they’ll leave for other places. [crosstalk 00:20:25] They will leave and you will have a depression, the likes of which you’ve never seen.
Vice President Joe Biden: Look-
Chris Wallace: Mr. Vice President.
Vice President Joe Biden: … we inherited the worst recession, short of a depression in American history. I was asked to bring it back. We were able to have an economic recovery that created the jobs you’re talking about. We handed him a booming economy, he blew it.
President Donald J. Trump: It wasn’t blooming.
Vice President Joe Biden: He blew it.
President Donald J. Trump: He was in booming. It was the weakest recovery since 1929.
Chris Wallace: Wait, wait, is it fair to say he blew it when, in fact-
President Donald J. Trump: When COVID came along.
Chris Wallace: … when there was record low unemployment before COVID.
Vice President Joe Biden: Yeah, because what he did, even before COVID, manufacturing went in the hole. Manufacturing went in a hole-
President Donald J. Trump: Excuse me, Chris, wait.
Vice President Joe Biden: … number one. Number two-
President Donald J. Trump: Chris.
Vice President Joe Biden: Number three.
President Donald J. Trump: They said it would take… No, you’re on number two.
Vice President Joe Biden: No.
President Donald J. Trump: Chris, Chris. They said it would take-
Vice President Joe Biden: This guy-
President Donald J. Trump: … a miracle to bring back manufacturing. I brought back 700,000 jobs. They brought back nothing. They gave up on manufacturing.
Vice President Joe Biden: We did not. [crosstalk 00:21:21]
President Donald J. Trump: … standard fare.
Vice President Joe Biden: I’m the guy that brought back the automobile industry.
President Donald J. Trump: He totally gave up on manufacturing.
Chris Wallace: All right, let him-
Vice President Joe Biden: I was asked to bring back Chrysler and General Motors. He brought them back right here in the state of Ohio and Michigan. He let them go. He blew it. They’re gone. He blew it. And in fact, they’re gone-
President Donald J. Trump: Ohio had the best year it’s ever had. Michigan had the best year they’ve ever had.
Vice President Joe Biden: That is not true.
President Donald J. Trump: Many car companies came in from Germany, from Japan, went to Michigan, went to Ohio and they didn’t come in with you. [crosstalk 00:21:47].
Chris Wallace: Mr. Vice President, go ahead.
Vice President Joe Biden: And so you take a look at what he’s actually done. He’s done very little. His trade deals are the same way. He talks about these great trade deals. He talks about the art of the deal. China’s perfected the art of the steel. We have a higher deficit with China now than we did before. We have the highest trade deficit-
President Donald J. Trump: China ate your lunch- [crosstalk 00:00:22:47].
Vice President Joe Biden: … with Mexico.
President Donald J. Trump: China ate your lunch, Joe. And no wonder your son goes in and he takes out billions of dollars. He takes out billions of dollars to manage
