======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 star. But with what has happened since he met with Xi and stressed the possibility of peaceful protests.
Joe Biden: Can’t you tell them what to do?” They cannot do it. We can’t let that happen. We should not be talking about the danger we are in this situation. And so what has he done? He’s legitimized China’s military buildup, the second coming of the socialist country into the United States.
Kristen Welker: President Trump, your response.
Donald Trump: He talked about setting up air identification zones in the South China Sea. Now, with what came out today by the Washington Post, he did not say either of those things. He said, what he thought. And what he thought was, he’d be a president. I could find plenty wrong, many wrong. And yet, every time he raises his voice, he talks about START, the zero? There has been nobody tougher to Russia between the sanctions, nobody tougher than me on Russia, between the sanctions, between all of what I’ve done with NATO. I’ve got the NATO countries to put up an extra $130 billion going to $420 billion a year.
Kristen Welker: President Trump, your response.
Donald Trump: Kristen, he had eight years to do what he said he was going to do. And I’ve changed. Without having a specific, we got rid of all of the sanctions. We got rid of an incredible amount of stuff. We got rid of a whole range of things that we learned in our eight years as president of the United States. We now have a better relationship with Russia and they’re all well and good. But he did say, “Don’t wear masks.” He did say, as you know, “This is not going to be a problem.” I think he’s a Democrat, but that’s okay. He said, “This is not going to be a problem. We are not going to have a problem at all.” When Joe says that I said, Anthony Fauci said, and others, and many others. And I’m not knocking him, nobody knew. Look, nobody knew what this thing was. Nobody knew where it was coming from, what it was. We’ve learned a lot. But Anthony said “Don’t wear masks,” now he wants to wear masks. Anthony also said, if you look back, exact words, here’s his exact words. “This is no problem. This is going to go away soon.” So he’s allowed to make mistakes. He happens to be a good person.
Kristen Welker: Vice President Biden, your response quickly, and then we’re going to move on to the next section.
Joe Biden: My response is that think about what the President knew in January and didn’t tell the American people. He was told this was a serious virus that spread in the air, and it was much worse, much worse, than the flu. He went on record and said to one of your colleagues, recorded, that in fact he knew how dangerous it was but he didn’t want to tell us. He didn’t want to tell us because he didn’t want us to panic. He didn’t want us… Americans don’t panic. He panicked. But guess what, in the meantime, we find out in the New York Times the other day, that in fact his folks went to Wall Street and said, “This is a really dangerous thing.” And a memo out of that meeting — not from his administration, but from some of the brokers — said, “Sell short, because we’ve got to get moving. It’s a dangerous problem.”
Donald Trump: Well, this is what I-
Kristen Welker: I’m going to give you 30 seconds to respond and then we’re going to move on.
Donald Trump: [crosstalk 00:28:34] I don’t know. Somebody went through Wall Street. You’re the one that takes all the money from Wall Street. I don’t take it.
Joe Biden: I haven’t-
Donald Trump: Joe, you have raised a lot of money, tremendous amounts of money. And every time you raise money deals are made, Joe. I could raise so much more money. As President, and as somebody that knows most of those people, I could call the heads of Wall Street, the heads of every company in America. I would blow away every record. But I don’t want to do that because it puts me in a bad position. And then you bring up Wall Street
