======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 were going to open up, they were going to open up. And that’s what we’ve done.
Kristen Welker: We’re going to move on.
Donald Trump: Excuse me. And then again, there was some question about whether or not, if true, the name Trump was given to all the deaths and other serious health problems in America. And he didn’t even have a plan. Maybe he just pored through his act, didn’t look at the numbers, just looked at the numbers and said, “These are the numbers. These are the numbers.” And then he was gone. And the Democrats were there, and we were never going to win. And if you haven’t, if you’re going to move on, what are you going to do? You’re not going to get the Democrats to come in and say, “We’re not going to do it.”
Donald Trump: There was no strategy.
Kristen Welker: We’re running out of time so we have to talk about this, and we have a lot of people who are getting old, elderly, and sick with COVID. For many of you, it’s not a problem. It’s a very serious problem.
Joe Biden: For me, it’s a very serious problem and I’ve allowed my officers to be sworn in and making sure they can be sworn in safely. I also have honoured our very public oaths on election night and in the following news release, we thank all who signed up for the news release. We owe them record numbers, we thank all for the support, and we have a lot more to say tomorrow.
Donald Trump: So happy. Really sad what is happening. And then he got very wealthy. And the idea of having all these billionaires come in and say, “Well, we’re going to give you more money than your taxes go up, because we’re smart, we have smart regulations, and we might be able to win this race.” That’s what it turned out.
Joe Biden: Yeah, but just to be clear, because what’s happening is he has the support of all the people… I mean, I live in a heavily Republican area, but I don’t live in a heavily Republican area. I live in a small area. They are all friendly. I live in a community that is heavily Republican. They are all friendly.
Kristen Welker: All right. Let’s talk about your plans for the Ukraine crisis.
Donald Trump: My plan calls for sending American soldiers home from Iraq. They will be going back to Iraq fighting for the United States. We will send 500,000 more American soldiers to help them clear away anti-armor fire from the front line at the border. We will destroy. Auriem to the guys out there, stay out of their way. And we’re going to send 500,000 more American soldiers. And I’ll tell you, I will protect, because I willt butts in the middle of Fifth Avenue, and a building is going to fail.
Kristen Welker: And on taxes, on regulations, on regulations to make sure that we don’t pass these trees. Mr. President, your proposal is going to benefit the Chinese economy and the world by making it easier to process climate plans. The president specifically says it will benefit China. Please show how you’re going to pay for it.
Donald Trump: So please show us how you’re going to pay for it. Come on. We have to open up businesses that are that way. Logistically, too. Because you’re going to be destroying, if I might say, their jobs, because you’re going to be destroying their companies. And I’d love to do that. I don’t know that it’s going to be economically cost-effective. What I want to do is give them the ability to have the ability to have the ability to have the ability to have the kind of systems that we need to compete in the world to the extent that it’s not a problem. It’s a problem coming in from China, coming down the escalator and it’s not a problem. It’s going to be cheaper and, if China could make the tires in and make the tires come down, we could all be talking about the world. The fact is I’d love to see China build the plexiglass buildings that we’re going to need to compete with the world for the world… And just to give you a sense of perspective, that’s what we’re going to be building in our military, in our air force, all
