======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 in every way. All he did was make sure we had everybody worried. And then we had everything… The whole notion was that we were in for a very dangerous period.” And I was right. Look, if you take a look at what’s happening in Pennsylvania where they’ve had it closed, they’ve had it closed. Take a look at North Carolina, they’re having spikes and they’ve been closed, and they’re getting killed financially. We can’t let that happen, Joe. You can’t let that happen. We have to open up. And we understand the disease. We have to protect our seniors. We have to protect our elderly. We have to protect especially our seniors with heart problems and diabetes problems. And we will protect. We have the best testing in the world by far. That’s why we have so many cases.
Kristen Welker: Let me follow up with you before we move on to our next section. President Trump, this week, you called Dr. Anthony Fauci, the nation’s best known infectious disease expert “a disaster.” You described him and other medical experts as “idiots.” If you’re not listening to them, who are you listening to?
Donald Trump: I’m listening to all of them, including Anthony. I get along very well with Anthony.
Donald Trump: … think to all of them, including Anthony. I get along very well with Anthony, but he did say, “Don’t wear masks.” He did say, as you know, “This is not going to be a problem.” I think he’s a Democrat, but that’s okay. He said, “This is not going to be a problem. We are not going to have a problem at all.” When Joe says that I said, Anthony Fauci said, and others, and many others. And I’m not knocking him, nobody knew. Look, nobody knew what this thing was. Nobody knew where it was coming from, what it was. We’ve learned a lot. But Anthony said “Don’t wear masks,” now he wants to wear masks. Anthony also said, if you look back, exact words, here’s his exact words. “This is no problem. This is going to go away soon.” So he’s allowed to make mistakes. He happens to be a good person.
Kristen Welker: Vice President Biden, your response quickly, and then we’re going to move on to the next section.
Joe Biden: My response is that think about what the President knew in January and didn’t tell the American people. He was told this was a serious virus that spread in the air, and it was much worse, much worse, than the flu. He went on record and said to one of your colleagues, recorded, that in fact he knew how dangerous it was but he didn’t want to tell us. He didn’t want to tell us because he didn’t want us to panic. He didn’t want us… Americans don’t panic. He panicked. But guess what, in the meantime, we find out in the New York Times the other day, that in fact his folks went to Wall Street and said, “This is a really dangerous thing.” And a memo out of that meeting — not from his administration, but from some of the brokers — said, “Sell short, because we’ve got to get moving. It’s a dangerous problem.”
Donald Trump: Well, this is what I-
Kristen Welker: I’m going to give you 30 seconds to respond and then we’re going to move on.
Donald Trump: [crosstalk 00:28:34] I don’t know. Somebody went through Wall Street. You’re the one that takes all the money from Wall Street. I don’t take it.
Joe Biden: I haven’t-
Donald Trump: Joe, you have raised a lot of money, tremendous amounts of money. And every time you raise money deals are made, Joe. I could raise so much more money. As President, and as somebody that knows most of those people, I could call the heads of Wall Street, the heads of every company in America. I would blow away every record. But I don’t want to do that because it puts me in a bad position. And then you bring up Wall Street? You shouldn’t be bringing up Wall Street, because you’re the one that takes the money from Wall Street, not me. I could blow away your records like
