======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 Donald J. Trump: He stood up-
Chris Wallace: The answer to the question is no.
President Donald J. Trump: … and the threatened Ukraine-
Chris Wallace: Sir-
President Donald J. Trump: … with a billion dollars-
Vice President Joe Biden: That is absolutely not true.
Chris Wallace: Stop. [crosstalk 00:25:02] Gentlemen, I hate to raise my voice, but I- [crosstalk 00:25:05] Why should I be different than the two of you? So here’s the deal.
Vice President Joe Biden: That’s a good point.
Chris Wallace: We have six segments. We have ended that segment. We’re going to go to the next segment. In that segment, you each are going to have two uninterrupted moments. In those two interrupted minutes, Mr. President, you can say anything you want. I’m going to ask a question about race, but if you want to answer about something else, go ahead. But I think that the country would be better served, if we allowed both people to speak with fewer interruptions. I’m appealing to you, sir, to do that.
President Donald J. Trump: Well, and him too.
Chris Wallace: Well, frankly, you’ve been doing more interrupting than he has.
President Donald J. Trump: Well, that’s all right, but he does plenty.
Chris Wallace: Well, sir, less than-
President Donald J. Trump: He does plenty.
Chris Wallace: No, less than you have. Let’s please continue on. The issue of rice. Vice-President Biden, you say that President Trump’s response to the violence in Charlottesville three years ago, when he talked about very fine people on both sides, was what directly led you to launch this run for president.
President Donald J. Trump: Oh yeah, sure.
Chris Wallace: President Trump, you have often said that you believe you will have done more for Black Americans than any president with the possible exception of Abraham Lincoln.
President Donald J. Trump: That’s true.
Chris Wallace: My question for the two of you, is why should voters trust you rather than your opponent to deal with the race issues facing this country over the next four years? Vice President Biden, you go first.
Vice President Joe Biden: It’s about equity and equality. It’s about decency. It’s about the constitution. And we have never walked away from trying to require equity for everyone, equality for the whole of America. But we’ve never accomplished it, but we’ve never walked away from it like he has done. it’s true, as you pointed out. And try to deal with hate speech, it’s a little different thing. It’s a little bit ridiculous, but it's true. It’s a little bit like what you see here [crosstalk 00:23:30] where people is kind of poring over hate speech and looking at what is actually offensive. And if it’s translated and what is actually okay. And if it’s respected. And we’re all for acknowledging what is dangerous about what we do. But if he’s ever called us a bunch of bums, we’re all for calling us a week ago.
President Donald J. Trump: Oh, really?
Chris Wallace: Really?
President Donald J. Trump: You were talking about the weekend.
Chris Wallace: And President Trump, you have repeatedly either contradicted or been at odds with some of your governments own top scientists. The week before last, the Head of the Centers for Disease Control, Dr. Redfield said it would be summer before the vaccine would become generally available to the public. You said that he was confused and mistaken. Those were your two words. But Dr. Slaoui, the head of your Operation Warp Speed, has said exactly the same thing. Are they both wrong?
President Donald J. Trump: Well, I’ve spoken to the companies and we can have it a lot sooner. It’s a very political thing because people like this would rather make it political than save lives.
Vice President Joe Biden: God.
President Donald J. Trump: It is a very political thing. I’ve spoken to Pfizer, I’ve spoken to all of the people that you have said are very good people, very smart people. I’ve spoken to all of the people that you have spoken to, Abraham Lincoln. I know you don’t. So don’t tell me about a vaccine.
Vice President Joe Biden: God.
President Donald J. Trump: I’ve already
