======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 Donald Do you want to respond?
Joe Biden: I did say, “I’m going to be transparent. I hope he does too.” But if he doesn’t, we’re going to have to worry about it more broadly. What is he going to do? He’s been trying to hurt the Black community, particularly in the suburbs, working against us. They’re many, many homes. They’re many, many feet away from them. And he’s done crime bill, 1994, horrible thing. And then in 1994, he tried to hurt the Black community, 1994 Black, 10,000 people … You folks, we lost our Black community. 1994 Black, people that have been wanting and waiting for treatment. So, what have you done?
Kristen Welker: All right, gentlemen, I want to talk about both of your different strategies to handling this.
Donald Trump: You’ve either mocked or been accusing me of wanting to make dealing with the public option illegal. You’ve either tried to joke about it, but haven’t lived up to it.
Kristen Welker: All right, gentlemen. Let’s have-
Donald Trump: Excuse me. He has-
Kristen Welker: All right, gentlemen. Let’s have a minute to talk about both of your different strategies to handling this.
Donald Trump: Both. Come on.
Kristen Welker: We’re going to move on to our next section, which is national security. And I do want to start with the security of our elections and some breaking news from overnight. Just last night, top intelligence officials confirmed again that both Russia and Iran are working to influence this election. Both countries have obtained US voter registration information, these officials say, and Iran sent intimidating messages to Florida voters. This question goes to you, Mr. Vice President. What would you do to put an end to this threat? You have two minutes, uninterrupted.
Joe Biden: I made it clear and I asked everyone else to take the pledge. I made it clear that any country, no matter who it is, that interferes in American elections will pay a price. They will pay a price. And it’s been overwhelmingly clear this election — I won’t even get into the last one — this election, that Russia has been involved, China’s been involved to some degree, and now we learn that Iran is involved. They will pay a price if I’m elected. They’re interfering with American sovereignty. That’s what’s going on right now. They’re interfering with American sovereignty.
Joe Biden: And to the best of my knowledge, I don’t think the President has said anything to Putin about it. I don’t think he’s talking to them a lot. I don’t think he’s said a word. I don’t know why he hasn’t said a word to Putin about it, and I don’t know what he has recently said, if anything, to the Iranians. My guess is he’d probably be more outspoken with regard to the Iranians.
Joe Biden: But the point is this, folks. We are in a situation where we have foreign countries trying to interfere in the outcome of our election. His own National Security Advisor told him that what is happening with his buddy… Well, I shouldn’t… Well, I will. His buddy Rudy Giuliani. He’s being used as a Russian pawn. He’s being fed information that is Russian that is not true. And then what happens? Nothing happens. And then you find out that everything that’s going on here, about Russia is wanting to make sure that I do not get elected the next President of the United States, because they know I know them, and they know me.
Joe Biden: I don’t understand why this President is unwilling to take on Putin when he’s actually paying bounties to kill American soldiers in Afghanistan, when he’s engaged in activities that are trying to destabilize all of NATO. I don’t know why he doesn’t do it, but it’s worth asking the question. Why isn’t that being done? Any country that interferes with us will, in fact, pay a price, because they’re affecting our sovereignty.
Kristen Welker: President Trump, same question to you. [crosstalk 00:31:48] Let me ask the question. You’re going to have two minutes to respond. For two elections in a row now, there has been substantial interference from foreign adversaries. What should you do in that time? And you’re going to be providing all the resources that are
