======== SAMPLE 1 ========
. President, as you know with all his bumbling, he has everything we need. Failed states, failing cities, struggling cities. The idea that he wants to take over what should have been the states and take it over with you. What he’s really saying is-
Kristen Welker: What is impeachment?
Joe Biden: Every president except Abraham Lincoln has done. President Trump only has the best done by him. Mitch McConnell did a phenomenal job bringing this to the American people. It’s about electing a new beginning president.
Joe Biden: It’s about electing a new president and it’s going to replace Obamacare.
Donald Trump: Well, I’ll tell you what we can do. Obamacare is no good.
Kristen Welker: Vice President Biden, your response, please.
Joe Biden: The problem is folks, this is what he wants to do. The country is heading back to a mess.
Kristen Welker: Let me follow up with you, President Trump. You’ve described the Vice President as lacking in leadership. You’ve also said the public can’t trust the scientists. What can you do?
Joe Biden: We can’t trust the scientists. I said, “This is a horrible thing that scientists are saying.” In other states they have done this, they have done it. And I’m running against Democrat governors because they want to take care of the public. I’m running against Democrat governors because they want to take care of the public.
Kristen Welker: Can you tell us which states?
Donald Trump: Pennsylvania has one. It’s Delaware. It’s the same state in New York. It’s the same state in Vermont. It’s the same state in Oregon. It’s the same state in Washington state, they’re running low on food, they have virtually no energy production. We have the lowest carbon futures, the most carbon-dense land in the world. And President Trump has made tremendous strides in terms of energy production, and we have the best carbon emission numbers in the world.
Kristen Welker: So what can you do to put put order to this ungodly state?
Donald Trump: We’re in a situation where we have so many problems. We have the highest carbon emission numbers in the world. We have the best carbon emission numbers.
Kristen Welker: Let me follow up with you, Vice President Biden. You have said you’re going to have the best carbon emissions by 2050 in addition to any global warming of any kind, by the end of this century. What do you say to Americans who are strongly in favor of carbon emission standards that significantly reduce the emissions from existing power plants and how you see them seen as a threat?
Joe Biden: I say we’re going to reduce our emissions from existing plants and on to make sure we can reach our emissions by 2050 targets. We’re going to make sure we can do it right away. There’s no question that we’re going to reduce our emissions then we’re going to save over $billion over an opportunity cost by $20billion over. The argument that we’re going to make is, why now, not now? There’s no way we’re going to know how to do this somehow.
Kristen Welker: President Trump, your response.
Donald Trump: Kristen, that’s the worst part of finance. You say it. I tried to mean offensive.
Kristen Welker: We’re going to have the best carbon emission standard possible.
Donald Trump: We’re running against somebody who in fact, plan very well, and is able to take advantage of all the other things that we can do. We have the best colleges and universities in the world. We have the best staffs in the world. In addition to that, we have the best carbon emission standards that we’ve ever seen.
Kristen Welker: President Trump, your reaction is generally equally appropriate.
Donald Trump: I tried to mean offensive, but we have to be honest with ourselves. I have a lot of bad relationships with a lot of people, and they come back. I can’t put [crosstalk 00:16:08].
Kristen Welker: All right, let’s move on.
Donald Trump: I have to respond to that. Because look-
Kristen Welker: Please…
Donald Trump: There’s a very strong precedent for that.
Kristen Welker: Let’s move on. I have a number of more question..
Donald Trump: I have to respond to that.
Kristen Welker: So let’s move on.
