======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 you, you know, let me tell you something, it’s only fair for you. If you look at what’s going on around here, it’s not going well. And by the way, we’re going to defeat President Obama’s plan this summer to give EPA more power to manage our environment and water. We’re going to defeat President Obama’s plan to give us power plants and trees and plants and the energy to do almost everything we’ve asked of our power, clean energy, safe energy. And you see that in California, in many cases with incredible numbers of their homes are up for sale for underpriced homes, now under construction, underconstruction or just now being built. This is not about the Trump Administration. This is about California. This is about you and me and your Senate Democratic colleagues. We’re going to defeat you in November.
President Donald J. Trump: Your Senate Democratic colleagues in California are going to charge $400,000 into a proposed energy project and you have no plan for doing anything about them. Senator Schumer: Yeah, definitely.
President Donald J. Trump: Your Senator Schumer, you’re going to strip the Clean Power Plan from… And you’ve done nothing, Chuck. You’re going to strip the Clean Power Plan and allow big oil to move much more energy through to the grid. You want to strip it now. Why should California be different than most states in terms of the status of their power plants? I’m counting the two that’ve been struck down, and I hope they will too. But California has been struck down more times than I’m willing to go, so why should your Senate colleagues be different than your Governor in the United States of America?
Vice President Joe Biden: Because the people elected me to do this job. The people elected me to do this job. And the common thread is that both of those things require a reversal of course. But I’m happy to make it happen.
President Donald J. Trump: And that’s good.
Vice President Joe Biden: Because what’s happening is the more fracking is happening, the more carbon emissions are going to be absorbed by ships, by buildings, by the cars we’re driving, as well as by the buildings we live in. How many cars are in a home today, exactly? How many are there car-dependent? It’s a social and environmental disaster. So I’m happy to make it happen.
President Donald J. Trump: You’ll see the figures, and hopefully you will, very soon.
Vice President Joe Biden: We’re going to be building the greatest building in the history of the world.
President Donald J. Trump: We’ll be building the greatest building in history. BRYAN KRIUT, Los Angeles Times Follow me on Twitter: @brookingkriut The environment’s going to change because of fracking. Every bit as important as when we took over a farm. So our use of oil and gas costs more and more, and it’s gas. When I was vice president we ran a booming economy. Subsidized oil and gas sends jobs and jobs into the future, not only for American workers, but for all of Europe as well. And I’m counting on you, in fact, to tell me how you will make your economy grow more, and you believe you will, by doing something called tax and regulatory reform. Tax the very businesses you want to eliminate. Reopen the economy and take out tax incentives to grow. Is it a one-off? No. Is it sustainable? Yes. Are you serious? Take a look at what other countries are doing. Take a look at what other countries are doing. And if you look at what other countries are doing, it’s simply not sustainable. Not only are they charging enormous costs to the taxpayers of these countries, they have incredibly restrictive environmental laws. They have very strict fuel economy standards. They have a V12 burning far less fuel and having fewer leaks. This is just not sustainable. And another place where we’re doing well, Europe. Europe is having a very, very, very hard time. But I’ll tell you, Joe, when Congress’s not in session, we are in session. And unlike in the past, when Congress is not in session, I’m going to give an opportunity vote on reopening the economy this summer. I mean, we’ve done a phenomenal job. We’ve done a phenomenal job getting back to business some of the jobs lost since the Great Recession. We’ve done business closing and an opening for those who need it. Those are the two things that are going to make a difference. Not only jobs. Not only tax revenues, but
