======== SAMPLE 1 ========
, the only difference is they’re okay-
Vice President Joe Biden: So you will say you will rejoin the Paris Accord?
President Donald J. Trump: I ended it because it’s China’s fault. And he should be held accountable.
Vice President Joe Biden: All he knows how to do-
President Donald J. Trump: China ate your lunch-
Vice President Joe Biden: And here’s the deal-
President Donald J. Trump: You’re talking about the 100 billion pieces of steel and aluminium a year you emit.
Chris Wallace: Mr. President-
Vice President Joe Biden: And how many of those are you talking about?
President Donald J. Trump: I don’t know if I call them numbers, but you have to look at what he’s doing. He’s imposing a 100 billion-
Vice President Joe Biden: That is simply not the case-
Chris Wallace: Mr. President.
Vice President Joe Biden: … we live in a post-Brexit Europe. It’s not necessarily a post-Brexit Europe-
President Donald J. Trump: I’m happy to do it-
Chris Wallace: What is post-Brexit?
President Donald J. Trump: The question is this, is this really a party issue?
Vice President Joe Biden: I’m happy to talk about this.
President Donald J. Trump: And if you were here, it wouldn’t be 200 billion [crosstalk 00:55:45] It would be 2 billion. It’s just fake news.
Chris Wallace: That’s not a party issue, is it?
President Donald J. Trump: No, it’s not a party issue.
Chris Wallace: So you’re not going to be happy because people are still receiving mail-in ballots or going to vote early. Why is it so important that we get back the ballots and they’re legitimate? And do you believe that millions of ballots have been manipulated?
President Donald J. Trump: Well, it’s a very important question-
Vice President Joe Biden: Many, many ballots have been manipulated. What are you prepared to do to try to overturn this, to make sure that these ballots are actually counted and they’re not fraudulent. And if I win, that’s going to be a big thing. If not, we’re in the middle of an election already. And counting the ballots means that we’re going to have thousands of ballots and that could take months. It’s not like November was any different. It’s a crossroads election. And the polls are running smoothly, everything is running smoothly. The ballots are being processed, people are getting their ballots, and they’re going to get them fast. There’s a huge increase in mail-in ballots being sent in the United States every day. It’s a real problem. And the guy who sends them the ballot says,'You have to be kidding me. I have thousands of ballots already being sent to you from all over the United States. What’s they going to do about it? He sent them out of a sense of panic. They’re sending millions of ballots all over the country. Many of them are fake. They’re being used as ballots then. They’re being sent all over the place. They downloaded onto your smart phone, and it’s a fraud. They sent back and you said, “There’s3307224587”.
Chris Wallace: You have asked a question, but you’re not going to be able to respond to it because you have a computerized election worker going through your yard and counting some mail-in ballots. They have to be a lot faster than that. There has to be some way for the election workers to be able to immediately after the election, if they see a mail-in ballot, if they see amarking done, if they see amarking done. So that people can vote, once they’re done voting, they’re going to be able to count the ballot and they’re going to be able to vote. It’s going to be a lot cheaper and much safer than what we had in the past, when there was fraud. There’s nothing fake about this. It’s what it is. It’s putting a lot of effort into it, and it’s not like it’s a crime to vote in the United States of America. It’s a crime to vote in the United States. It’s a crime to vote in Mexico. They’re sending their kids. They good. They’re good. And by the way
