======== SAMPLE 1 ========
men.
Chris Wallace: Sir, you made a point. Let him finish. He doesn’t know what a free market is, and what a Obamacare repeal would do. He knows and we’ve learned.
Vice President Joe Biden: Look-
Chris Wallace: Mr. Vice President.
Vice President Joe Biden: He goes first.
President Donald J. Trump: He doesn’t know what a free market is. He doesn’t know what a Obamacare repeal would do. He knows and we’ve learned.
Chris Wallace: Mr. President.
Vice President Joe Biden: He goes first.
President Donald J. Trump: He doesn’t know what a free market is. He doesn’s everything a government-run monopoly would be a disaster. He wouldn’t want his company doing business in the first place.
Chris Wallace: I want to thank you for being so honest. You have been totally honest in the past, because you and your cohort have been charging people hundreds of thousands of dollars that they are stupid, a liar, and dangerous people. They just don’t have the facts. In fact, you would think that a group of people steeped in panic-management, with no experience in information technology, the task would immediately be to charge people hundreds of thousands of dollars, rather than just short of disease and violence, with a deadly disease and a poison gas attack and they would quickly become the answer. This is not about numbers. It’s about experience.
President Donald J. Trump: This is about facts.
Chris Wallace: I want to ask you-
President Donald J. Trump: Excuse me, numbers.
Chris Wallace: -is about law and order.
Vice President Joe Biden: This is about numbers.
President Donald J. Trump: And violent crime went down, but it wasn’t went up.
Chris Wallace: This is not about law and order.
Vice President Joe Biden: This is about bad law, bad law.
President Donald J. Trump: A lot of things are false.
Chris Wallace: I want to ask you, we’re talking about numbers. There’s a new book that you are going to be reviewing called Killing Floor: The Making of Donald J. Trump. It’s going to be out in November. You are the day after your election, and you are going to be reviewing how you can best deal with the rising threat of white supremacy. Are you going to be introducing a host of new approaches, like the Stand Your Ground Policy, to reassure Black and Brown people that their safety and security is their number one priority. You are the day after your election, and you are going to be reviewing how you can best respond to the rising threat of white supremacy. Are you going to be introducing a host of new approaches, like the Stand Your Ground Policy, to reassure Black and Brown people that their safety and security is their number one priority. Dog catcher If you were in good company, you would have been out on the streets. You’re not out. Are you going to be introducing a plan like Chicago Trap and Shotgun and the like, in which the city sends out 80,000 trap and scare devices a day and they’re going to be all over the place? They’re not. They only work. They last for three days. They work again on Thursday. They work on Sunday. They pray. They pray they can save the city from itself by having at least 200,000 devices in the next three days that can be quickly and cheaply dismantled and thrown out. And I promise we can; the people are incredibly good at it. And by the way, if you look at what we’ve done, I don’t think you can compare us to other cities that employ millions of people. Many of them are very good. Most of them are. But I want to tell you about one problem. When I was in office, there were 20 million people in the United States Senate. I was making an election night statement. I was talking about reining in fossil fuel drilling. You had the Romney years, 2005-2009, when you had George W. Bush, he went straight into the furnace and blew up everything. Crude oil went to sea level. More than a quarter of the landmass was gone. Now we have the highest carbon pollution’s ever, from cars and trucks. And one in six cars is a 2014 model car. One in six people is thought to be old enough to be subject to the diseases that we are going to be talking about. One in six is susceptible to other drugs and alcohols, and that’s a problem. What’s going to be the problem is we’re going to allow the people who make those sick cuts. We have to get back the 20 million people who were living in deplorably
