======== SAMPLE 1 ========
, November 10. But we won the Electoral College. Now we’re going to make sure that that happens because if we do that, sure we’ll just have a large chunk of the country-
Chris Wallace,01:04:59,But what are you going to do about it? What are you going to do about it not coming back?
President Donald J. Trump,01:04:59,You know, if…
Chris Wallace,01:04:59,No. No. I know your complaint [crosstalk 01:04:59]. It’s been going up on Twitter a lot, but it’s been doing the same thing for a while. What are you going to do about it? And do you believe that there is some sort of an intention to disenfranchise African-Americans?
President Donald J. Trump,01:05:00,I think there is intention to disenfranchise a wide range of people. I’m not going to do that. I mean, look, here’s the deal. The fact is, people are actually very happy with what we’ve done. And I’m not going to allow that to be a motivation for people to lose their minds over, for example, race. Because if they switch sides and vote Republican, then so be it. But I’m going to allow people to express themselves and vote their way. That’s what I’m about to do.
Chris Wallace,01:05:02,President Trump, “invisible handpicked people, national security people, by the way. Researched and written by the people. In-
President Donald J. Trump,01:05:05,You agree with her view?
President Donald J. Trump,01:05:05,… I am willing to accept certain limits on what I may or may not accept, but I’ll tell you what, you and your Republican colleagues in the Congress you’re in, you probably have the most members in this room than me. You have the most members in this room than me who agree with me on a lot of things. But I’ll tell you what, the people of this country want and demand what we want. They’re concerned about your election, they’re concerned about your election. Why is it that?
President Donald J. Trump, 00:08:16,They’re concerned about your election. You go first.
Chris Wallace,01:08:18,No. No. I’m concerned about the fact that you paid $750 in income taxes to testify under oath about your business dealings.
President Donald J. Trump, 01:08:18,I’ll tell you what, the people of this country want and demand what we want. They’re concerned about your election, they’re concerned about your election. You go first.
Chris Wallace,01:08:21,No. What I’re about to tell you is format. We will let the people record it and, if they like, we will let people record it. We will let people have photo ops with the people. The people, they’re going to let us have them. It’s a long process, so please let us do it. Please let the people.
President Donald J. Trump, 01:08:45,I want to see a commission established to even though it could be decades, it could be hundreds of millions of records are going to be thrown out. It could also be hundreds of millions of records will be thrown out because they’re not providing the people with the records they need. food stamps, drug assistance, clean water, clean air. You’re going to find that most of those records are not true., they’re just not providing the people with the records they need.
President Donald J. Trump, 01:09:07,What are you going to do about it? What are you going to do about it’s your campaign issue, and you’re going to propose a host of new taxes, hikes in rates, going to destroy this country, so weِre going to leave it. 4 million people with health insurance won’t be affected by this.
Chris Wallace, 01:09:10,President Trump, “You want to leave it? We have 8 million people having health insurance now. If I were holding it I’d say, if you wanted to leave it, go ahead. But you can’t do it that way. There aren’t any. You can’t any way. It’s so rigged. And I’ll tell you something, people who have health insurance can’t run it like he does. They can’
