======== SAMPLE 1 ========
, a reporter for the Wall Street Journal: the wrong person made that judgment.
President Donald J. Trump: Why did he make that judgment?
Vice President Joe Biden: Because he didn’t get it done. Oh, really?
President Donald J. Trump: So he got it done, and he didn’t get it done. Right?
Vice President Joe Biden: Yeah, because he was so wrong. And let me just tell you, there was a story in one of the papers that paid people had somebody say, “Riots and chaos and violence help the cause.” People start to understand.” When you have large numbers of people, you often have no one to blame but the people. You often have no one to blame but the people. That was not what the leaders of your states were saying.
President Donald J. Trump: That was not what the leaders of your states were saying.
Chris Wallace: Mr. President, it was originally going to be Question One. I wanted to ask you both about one last subject because your different approaches has even affected the way that you have campaigned.
President Donald J. Trump: Well, the way that I have campaigned has been totally ineffective. As you know, today there was a big problem with drug prices. People are dying in India, in Guatemala, in some cases all over. It’s a tragedy. It’s a tragedy when that moment comes and you realize you’re not doing anything. You go home.
Vice President Joe Biden: People want their medicine. They want their healthcare. I was asked to ask Nancy Pelosi about it. She said, “Let’s get people to talk.”
President Donald J. Trump: No, let’s get people to talk. I didn’t say that. I said, “Let’s get people to talk.”
Chris Wallace: So you didn’t say that, “Let’s get people to talk.”
President Donald J. Trump: I didn’t say that. I said, “Let’s get people to talk.”
Chris Wallace: So you didn’t say that, “Let’s get people to talk.”
President Donald J. Trump: I didn’t say that. I said that, if you would have listened to people, you have enormous power. You have incredible courage. You have cunning. You have tremendous judgment. You can say anything you want. But if you look at what we’ve done in Yemen, where Morelia and two hundred people had to be exact hospital gowns were the worst part of what was said and done. And that’s what the people in these countries are saying.
Vice President Joe Biden: Well, just to be clear-
President Donald J. Trump: … about being soft on crime.
Chris Wallace: Gentlemen, you realize if you’re talking about this or that.
President Donald J. Trump: I don’t think I’ve said anything that would give legitimacy to the military commissions that I have, like water protectors. I don’t give a f‒ description of what they do. They’re human shields.
Chris Wallace: Mr. President, I think a lot of people would agree.
President Donald J. Trump: Oh, I know your website says military leaders give moral support, but I have never said that.
Chris Wallace: No, I have never said that. So, if I get a question, I ask it.
President Donald J. Trump: You got it said very strongly in your website that you believe in the Second Amendment. I said that if I get a question, I will answer it.
Chris Wallace: Well, you’re saying that, so I will yes.
President Donald J. Trump: I love the Constitution. it is clear. I love the Great Reception. And I love the Bill of Rights. So I’m going to build a wall on the U.S.S. Arizona, the state that got the idea for the phrase, they’re going to build a barrier along the U.S.-Mexico border. So I think the question that has been repeatedly raised is, if Igo’re elected president, will you will build a wall along the southern border and within a year there would be one and it would be all over?
Vice President Joe Biden: Yes, I will do a wall along the southern border.
President Donald J. Trump: He wants to take away the Second Amendment.
Vice President Joe Biden: He’s trying to take away the Second Amendment.
President Donald J. Trump: Oh, yeah. Well, it’s all over. And he wants to take away the Second
