======== SAMPLE 1 ========

President Trump: You know Mr. Vice-
Vice President Joe Biden: He has none.
President Donald J. Trump: … if you were to be elected to another term.
Vice President Joe Biden: That is not true.
President Donald J. Trump: That is simply not true.
Vice President Joe Biden: His own CDC Director says we will lose 1 in 500 people who contracted COVID. In terms of being less deadly to babies than people who don’t have private insurance. If you took away the individual mandate, if you took away the individual mandate, if you did certain things that we have to have a vaccine protect against, if not more lethal, then we have to get used to it.
President Donald J. Trump: But you wouldn’t do them that.
Chris Wallace: Sir, I’m talking about the individual mandate.
President Donald J. Trump: And what are you going to do about it, Chris?
Chris Wallace: You go first.
President Donald J. Trump: You would create a government takeover of health.
Chris Wallace: Sir, I’m talking about the individual mandate.
President Donald J. Trump: And replace that with something that you knorr greater and better.
Chris Wallace: Sir, you’ll be happy. I’m about to pick up on one of your points to ask the Vice President, which is, he points out that you would repeal and replace Obamacare.
Vice President Joe Biden: That is absolutely wrong.
Chris Wallace: You would replace Obamacare with something much more like what you have in the ground in Philadelphia.
Vice President Joe Biden: Much more like what I have been saying.
Chris Wallace: You would replace Obamacare by having a system where drug companies get to buy insurance plans that are far less expensive and which are guaranteed by the Affordable Care Act.
Vice President Joe Biden: By having a tax on drugs.
Chris Wallace: What is "a system" and what is "a tax on drugs?"
Vice President Joe Biden: Every drug company gets a tiny commission out of all the new lung problems they can get the word 'plant.' They call it a mask. And then you have the coronavirus. And now we’re getting the call from the World Bank saying that if we don’t get the money, by the end of the decade, billions of dollars, going to cause problems around the world.
Chris Wallace: What is a vaccine?
Vice President Joe Biden: A vaccine.
Chris Wallace: You’re suggesting that we go forward and allow our government to provide all the vaccines it wants to have our schools play by their own rules, but allow private companies to do it.
Vice President Joe Biden: Play by your own Rules Committee and then decide what the end of the world looks like.
Chris Wallace: All right. In response to your suggestion that defunding the police be repealed and you recommending that the US Supreme Court overturn Obama Marshalls Samuel Beckett and Floyd M Morembrun, you have proposed defunding the military. You have proposed that we build another park with all of the flags and monuments and everything in between.
Vice President Joe Biden: That is not true.
Chris Wallace: You have proposed that we build a new dam and lake and be a second coastal jail.
Vice President Joe Biden: And you call them warmongers.
Chris Wallace: You have called them super predators.
Vice President Joe Biden: I’m not calling them warmongers. They have a little beef with China. They’re trying to get their hands on potatoes and sugars and everything else. They want to dominate you more than you have any right to do.
President Donald J. Trump: Hey, Joe, let me just tell you, Joe. When you look at North Carolina, when you look, and you look at what other states are doing, like being very careful about skimming your tax dollars, just because you have a lot of conflicts of interest, that’s not a good thing.
Vice President Joe Biden: That is not a good thing.
President Donald J. Trump: You’re going to burn through the cash cow in North Carolina.
Chris Wallace: Gentlemen, we’re now into open discussion.
Vice President Joe Biden: Open discussion.
Chris Wallace: Open discussion, yes, I agree. Go ahead, Vice President.
Vice President Joe Biden: And in fact, you go to great lengths to keep his name out of it.
Chris Wallace: Mr. President.
Vice President Joe Biden: I’m talking about taxes, not spending.
President Donald J. Trump: Okay.
Vice President Joe Biden: And by the way, on trade.
President Donald J. Trump: China sends 20 million tons of steel or you get thrown out. Russia does. India does. They
