======== SAMPLE 1 ========
’s what he said, “I’m going to be okay.” He’s not worried about you. He’s not worried about the people out there [crosstalk 00:08:48].
President Donald J. Trump: We’ve had no problem whatsoever. It’s just-
Vice President Joe Biden: This is the same man who said the night was over-
President Donald J. Trump: Night is lost-
Vice President Joe Biden: … who it is. Who it is is is anybody’s asked. Nobody’s done that.
President Donald J. Trump: Chris, let me just tell you-
Vice President Joe Biden: Say it. Say it.
President Donald J. Trump: They’re talking about the Ku Klux Klan.
Vice President Joe Biden: I’m not interested in debating him. I’m talking about the American people.
President Donald J. Trump: You know what, we’re going to talk. You know what? We’re going to talk.
Chris Wallace: Let him finish.
Vice President Joe Biden: No, he doesn’t know how to do that.
President Donald J. Trump: You’d be surprised. You’d be surprised. Go ahead, Joe.
Vice President Joe Biden: The wrong guy, the wrong night, at the wrong time.
President Donald J. Trump: Listen, you agreed with Bernie Sanders and the manifesto.
Vice President Joe Biden: There is no manifesto, number one.
Chris Wallace: Please let him speak, Mr. President.
Vice President Joe Biden: Number two.
President Donald J. Trump: He just lost the left.
Vice President Joe Biden: Number two.
President Donald J. Trump: You just lost the left. You agreed with Bernie Sanders on a plan that you absolutely agreed to and under that plan [crosstalk 00:15:10], they call it socialized medicine.
Chris Wallace: Mr. President.
Vice President Joe Biden: I’ll tell you what, he is not for any help for people needing healthcare.
President Donald J. Trump: Who is, Bernie?
Vice President Joe Biden: Because he, in fact, already has costs 10 million people their healthcare that they had from their employers because of his recession. Number one. Number two, there are 20 million people getting healthcare through Obamacare now that he wants to take it away. He won’t ever look you in the eye and say that’s what he wants to do. Take it away.
President Donald J. Trump: No, I want to give them better healthcare at a much lower price, because Obamacare is no good.
Vice President Joe Biden: He doesn’t know how. He doesn’t know how to do that.
President Donald J. Trump: I’ve already fixed it.
Vice President Joe Biden: He has never offered a plan.
President Donald J. Trump: We’ve already fixed it to an extent. Obamacare, as you might know but probably don’t, Obamacare is no good.
Chris Wallace: Gentlemen, you realize if you’re both speaking at the same time. Let the President. Go ahead, sir.
President Donald J. Trump: Obamacare is no good. We made it better and I had a choice to make very early on. We took away the individual mandate. We guaranteed pre-existing conditions, but took away the individual mandate. Listen, this is the way it is. And that destroyed … They shouldn’t even call it Obamacare, then I had a choice to make, do I let my people run it really well or badly? If I run it badly, they’ll probably blame him, but they’ll blame me. But more importantly, I want to help people. Okay. I said, “You’ve got to run it so well.” And I just had a meeting with them. They said the problem is, no matter how well you run Obamacare, it’s a disaster. It’s too expensive. Premiums are too high, that it doesn’t work. So we do want to get rid of it. Chris, we want to get rid of that and give something that’s cheaper and better.
Chris Wallace: I understand that, sir. But I have to give you roughly equal time.
President Donald J. Trump: Go ahead.
Chris Wallace: Please let the Vice President talk, sir.
President Donald J. Trump: Good.
Vice President Joe Biden: He has no plan for healthcare.
President Donald J. Trump: Of course, we do.
Chris Wallace: Please.
Vice President Joe Biden: He sends out wishful thinking.
