======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 price, not the kind of numbers that your buddy Rudy Giuliani used to say, where do you think you come from? You come to the United States and you make your way to a city called Belmont, Pennsylvania, a tiny but growing city. And you tell the people you come to live and work in. You. Your mom or dad gave you a mortgage on it. You can't do that. You can’t.
Donald Trump: [crosstalk 00:04:06].
Kristen Welker: All right, let’s move on to the next section.
Donald Trump: But it didn’t happen.
Kristen Welker: Let’s move on to the next section, which is criminal justice reform. And I do want to start with the Supreme Court Justice, Amy Coney Barrett, who’s written very well about making sure that Americans can pay their debts. And talk about an American president. Joe, the country is heading into a new period of economic recovery. Before that, the recovery act has been a jobless rate, a jobless rate, a job-
Kristen Welker: Average hourly wage in 2016, how many people are out there making 500 and above an hour? What are you seeing?
Joe Biden: Many of them areTORI, transmittal rates are down. It’s much lower than that. We ought to be able to hire 100,000 more people. We ought to be able to put gas in the big, big fire stations so we can hire more teachers, and now we have a teacher assigned to teach a pre-kindergarten through 12th grade students how to use a laptop, how to make a restaurant reservation, what to do in the office, how to make a date, how to make the office friendly.
Kristen Welker: Do you have a plan to reunite the kids with their families?
Donald Trump: Yes. We’re working on it very… We’re trying very hard. But a lot of these kids come out without the parents. They come over through cartels and through coyotes and through gangs.
Kristen Welker: Vice President Biden, let me bring you into this conversation. Quick response, and then another question to you.
Joe Biden: These 500-plus kids came with parents. They separated them at the border to make it a disincentive to come to begin with. “Be real tough. We’re really strong.” And guess what? They cannot… Coyotes didn’t bring them over. Their parents were with them. They got separated from their parents. And it makes us a laughingstock and violates every notion of who we are as a nation.
Kristen Welker: Let me ask you a followup question.
Donald Trump: Kristen, they did it. We changed the policy. They did it. We changed.
Kristen Welker: Your response to that?
Joe Biden: We did not separate the [crosstalk 00:05:11]-
Donald Trump: They built the cages. Who built the cages, Joe?
Joe Biden: Let’s talk about what we’re talking about.
Kristen Welker: Who built the cages, Joe?
Joe Biden: Let’s talk about what we’re talking about. What happened? Parents were ripped… Their kids were ripped from their arms and separated, and now they cannot find over 500 of the sets of those parents, and those kids are alone. Nowhere to go. Nowhere to go. It’s criminal. It’s criminal.
Kristen Welker: Let me ask you about [crosstalk 00:55:31] in 10 seconds and then I need to ask [crosstalk 00:55:32].
Donald Trump: Kristen, I will say this. They went down. We brought reporters, everything. They are so well taken care of. They’re in facilities that were so clean.
Kristen Welker: But some of them haven’t been reunited with their families.
Donald Trump: They have gotten such good… But just ask one question. Who built the cages? I’d love you to ask him that. Who built the cages, Joe?
Kristen Welker: Let me ask about your immigration policy, Mr. Vice President. The Obama Administration did fail to deliver immigration reform, which had been a key promise during the administration. It also presided over record deportations, as well as, family detentions at the border before changing course. So why should voters trust you with an immigration overhaul now?
Joe Biden: Because we made a mistake made. It took too long to get it right. Took too long to get it right. I’ll be President of the United States, not Vice President of the United
