======== SAMPLE 1 ========
ker, but let me just say this, Mueller and 18 angry Democrats and FBI agents all over the place spent $48 million. They went through everything I had, including my tax returns, and they found absolutely no collusion and nothing wrong. $48 million. I guarantee you, if I spent $1 million on you, Joe, I could find plenty wrong because the kind of things-
Kristen Welker: All right.
Donald Trump: … that you’ve done and the kind of monies that your family has taken, I mean, your brother made money in Iraq-
Kristen Welker: Let me…
Donald Trump: … millions of dollars. Your other brother made a fortune, and it’s all through you, Joe. And they say you get some of it. And you do live very well, you have houses all over the place. You live very well.
Kristen Welker: All right, gentlemen. Let me just ask some questions about all of this broadly. Vice-President Biden, there have been questions about the work your son has done in China and for a Ukrainian energy company when you were vice-president, in retrospect, was anything about those relationships inappropriate or unethical?
Joe Biden: Nothing was unethical. Here’s what the deal. With regard to Ukraine. We had this whole question about whether or not, because he was on the board, I later learned of Burisma, a company that somehow, I had done something wrong, yet every single solitary person, when he was going through his impeachment, testifying under oath, who work for him, said I did my job impeccably. I carried out U.S. policy, not one single solitary thing was out of line, not a single thing, number one.
Joe Biden: Number two, the guy who got in trouble in Ukraine was this guy trying to bribe the Ukrainian government to say something negative about me, which they would not do and did not do because it never ever, ever happened. My son has not made money in terms of this thing about, what are you talking about, China. I have not had… the only guy who made money from China is this guy. He’s the only one. Nobody else has made money from China.
Kristen Welker: President Trump-
Donald Trump: [crosstalk 00:07:25]…
Kristen Welker: … let me ask my question to you [crosstalk 00:07:28]…
Donald Trump: But could I just one thing?
Kristen Welker: Very quickly.
Donald Trump: His son didn’t have a job for a long time, was, sadly, no longer in the military service, I won’t get into that, and he didn’t have a job. As soon as he became vice-president, Burisma, not the best reputation in the world, I hear they paid him $183,000 a month, listen to this, $183,000, and they gave him a $3 million upfront payment, and he had no energy experience. That’s 100% dishonest.
Kristen Welker: All right. I’m going to let the vice-president respond to that quickly, and then I need to get to a question to you. Very quickly, Mr. Vice-President.
Joe Biden: No basis for that. Everybody investigated that. No one said anything he did was wrong in Ukraine.
Kristen Welker: Okay. President Trump, this is for you. Since you took office, you’ve never divested from your business. You’ve personally promoted your properties abroad. A report this week, which was referenced, does indicate that your company has a bank account in China. So how can voters know that you don’t have any foreign conflicts of interest?
Donald Trump: I have many bank accounts and they’re all listed and they’re all over the place. I mean, I was a businessman doing business. The bank account you’re referring to, which is, everybody knows about it, it’s listed, the bank account was in 2013. That’s what it was. It was opened. It was closed in 2015, I believe. And then I decided, because I was going to do… I was thinking about doing a deal in China, like millions of other people, I was thinking about it and I decided I’m not going to do it, didn’t like it, I decided not to do it, had an account open and I closed it.
Kristen Welker: Okay.
Donald Trump: Excuse me. And then, unlike him where he’s vice-president and he does business, I then decided to run for president after that. That was before. So I closed it before I even ran for president, let alone became president
