======== SAMPLE 1 ========
04 Trump: But why didn’t you do it over the last 25 years?
Vice President Joe Biden: Because you weren’t president and screwing things up.
President Donald J. Trump: You were a Senator and [crosstalk 00:17:21]-
Vice President Joe Biden: You’re the worst president America has ever had. Come on.
President Donald J. Trump: Hey, Joe, let me just tell you, Joe. In 47 months, I’ve done more than you’ve done in 47 years, Joe. We’ve done things that you never even thought of doing.
Chris Wallace: Okay. Gentlemen?
President Donald J. Trump: Including fixing the broken military that you gave me, including taking care of your debts.
Chris Wallace: Mr. President, we’re talking about the economy. I’d like to ask you about your plans going forward because Mr. Vice President, your economic plan-
President Donald J. Trump: He has none.
Chris Wallace: … if you were to be elected president focuses a lot on big government, big taxes, big spending. I want to focus first on the taxes. You propose more than $4 trillion over a decade in new taxes on individuals making more than $400,000 a year.
Chris Wallace: … on individuals making more than $400,000 a year and on corporations. President Trump says that that kind of an increase in taxes is going to hurt the economy as it’s just coming out of a recession.
Vice President Joe Biden: Well, just take a look at what is the analysis done by Wall Street firms, points out that my economic plan would create 7 million more jobs than his in four years, number one. And number two, it would create an additional $1 trillion in economic growth, because it would be about buying American. The federal government spends $600 billion a year on everything from ships, to steel, to buildings and the like. And under my proposal, we’re going to make sure that every penny of that has to be made by a company-
Chris Wallace: But respectfully, sir, I’m talking about taxes, not spending.
Vice President Joe Biden: By the way, I’m going to eliminate a significant number of the taxes. I’m going to make the corporate tax 28%. It shouldn’t be 21%. You have 91 companies federal, I mean, the fortune 500, who don’t pay a single penny in tax making billions of dollars.
President Donald J. Trump: Why didn’t you do it before, when you were vice president with Obama?
Vice President Joe Biden: Because you in fact passed that, that was your tax proposal.
President Donald J. Trump: I got it done. And you know what happened?
Vice President Joe Biden: Yeah, you got it done-
President Donald J. Trump: Our economy boomed like it’s never boomed before.
Vice President Joe Biden: The economy-
Chris Wallace: Mr. President-
Vice President Joe Biden: Let me finish.
Chris Wallace: Mr. President, let me pick up on that. You would continue your free market approach, lower taxes, more deregulation, correct?
Vice President Joe Biden: Not lower tax for the American people.
Chris Wallace: But let me-
President Donald J. Trump: Excuse me.
Chris Wallace: You talk about the economy booming. It turns out that in Obama’s final three years as president more jobs were created, a million and a half more jobs, than in the first three years of your presidency.
President Donald J. Trump: They had the slowest economic recovery since 1929. It was the slowest recovery. Also, they took over something that was down here. All you had to do is turn on the lights and you pick up a lot. But they had the slowest economic recovery since 1929, and let me tell you about the stock market. When the stock market goes up, that means jobs. It also means 401ks. If you got in, if you ever became president with your ideas, you want to terminate my taxes. I’ll tell you what, you’ll lose. Half of the companies that have poured in here will leave. And plenty of companies that are already here, they’ll leave for other places. [crosstalk 00:20:25] They will leave and you will have a depression, the likes of which you’ve never seen.
Vice President Joe Biden: Look-
Chris Wallace: Mr. Vice President.
Vice President Joe Biden: … we inherited the worst recession, short of a depression in American history. I was asked to bring it back. We were able to have an economic recovery that created the jobs you’re talking about
