======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 from the beginning. We’ve got to get moving. It’s a dangerous problem.”
Donald Trump: Well, this is what I-
Kristen Welker: I’m going to give you 30 seconds to respond and then we’re going to move on.
Donald Trump: [crosstalk 00:28:34] I don’t know. Somebody went through Wall Street. You’re the one that takes all the money from Wall Street. I don’t take it.
Joe Biden: I haven’t-
Donald Trump: Joe, you have raised a lot of money, tremendous amounts of money. And every time you raise money deals are made, Joe. I could raise so much more money. As President, and as somebody that knows most of those people, I could call the heads of Wall Street, the heads of every company in America. I would blow away every record. But I don’t want to do that because it puts me in a bad position. And then you bring up Wall Street? You shouldn’t be bringing up Wall Street, because you’re the one that takes the money from Wall Street, not me. I could blow away your records like you wouldn’t believe. We don’t need money. We have plenty of money. In fact, we beat Hillary Clinton with a tiny fraction of the money that she was able to [crosstalk 00:29:15]
Kristen Welker: All right, gentlemen, we’re going to move on.
Donald Trump: Don’t tell me about [crosstalk 00:29:17].
Joe Biden: Average contribution, $43.
Kristen Welker: All right. We’re going to move on to our next section, which is national security. And I do want to start with the security of our elections and some breaking news from overnight. Just last night, top intelligence officials confirmed again that both Russia and Iran are working to influence this election. Both countries have obtained US voter registration information, these officials say, and Iran sent intimidating messages to Florida voters. This question goes to you, Mr. Vice President. What would you do to put an end to this threat? You have two minutes, uninterrupted.
Joe Biden: I made it clear and I asked everyone else to take the pledge. I made it clear that any country, no matter who it is, that interferes in American elections will pay a price. They will pay a price. And it’s been overwhelmingly clear this election — I won’t even get into the last one — this election, that Russia has been involved, China’s been involved to some degree, and now we learn that Iran is involved. They will pay a price if I’m elected. They’re interfering with American sovereignty. That’s what’s going on right now. They’re interfering with American sovereignty.
Joe Biden: And to the best of my knowledge, I don’t think the President has said anything to Putin about it. I don’t think he’s talking to them a lot. I don’t think he’s said a word. I don’t know why he hasn’t said a word to Putin about it, and I don’t know what he has recently said, if anything, to the Iranians. My guess is he’d probably be more outspoken with regard to the Iranians.
Joe Biden: But the point is this, folks. We are in a situation where we have foreign countries trying to interfere in the outcome of our election. His own National Security Advisor told him that what is happening with his buddy… Well, I shouldn’t… Well, I will. His buddy Rudy Giuliani. He’s being used as a Russian pawn. He’s being fed information that is Russian that is not true. And then what happens? Nothing happens. And then you find out that everything that’s going on here, about Russia is wanting to make sure that I do not get elected the next President of the United States, because they know I know them, and they know me.
Joe Biden: I don’t understand why this President is unwilling to take on Putin when he’s actually paying bounties to kill American soldiers in Afghanistan, when he’s engaged in activities that are trying to destabilize all of NATO. I don’t know why he doesn’t do it, but it’s worth asking the question. Why isn’t that being done? Any country that interferes with us will, in fact, pay a price, because they’re affecting our sovereignty.
Kristen Welker: President Trump, same question to you. [crosstalk 00
