======== SAMPLE 1 ========
: They had 10 minutes to respond and understand. 11:30 am. It’s a very important question to have. They did not leak any of their combat nuclear capability. We are working on it very… We’re working on it very…
Donald Trump: So, I get that. I get that.
Joe Biden: Force them to respond.
Donald Trump: They do. We respond to that. We have to be ready and we can’t be left off. We have to be ready and we can’t be left off.
Kristen Welker: Let’s move on to American families.
Donald Trump: They have brought up all of this bad blood. All of this bad blood has been going on for a long time. It’s been sitting there. It’s sitting in the White House. But… And then yesterday, Joe, you said, “Come back in two years, three years. We’re going to give you a court case. You did Perry Mason. We’re going to give you a court case.” When Joe says that I said, Anthony Fauci said, and others, and many others. And I’m not knocking him, nobody knew. Look, nobody knew what this thing was. Nobody knew where it was coming from, what it was. We’ve learned a lot. But Anthony said “Don’t wear masks,” now he wants to wear masks. Anthony also said, if you look back, exact words, here’s his exact words. “This is dangerous.” And he goes, “This is dangerous quickly.” When he says I wear masks, he’s talking about Anthony Fauci. I don’t know where he comes from, but I don’t know that it’s possible to tell. I don’t know what he has in mind.
Kristen Welker: Vice President Biden, your response. Quick response, and then another question to you.
Joe Biden: These 500-plus young black men got arrested for driving under the influence and they were responsible for going through everything from the window of a first responder. The court then had to explain why those kids were targeted and they were targeted. And a young man in jail got arrested and he was wearing a mask and it was much worse. It was worse than jail. And I would say, if you look at what’s going on in California, New York, and certain states that’ve had their look ripped, they’re getting ripped and they’re getting ripped. And Anthony said, “This is a horrible thing.” And he pulled together a package that was really easy to do, was well over a year ago, and he did a great job, I would say.
Kristen Welker: President Trump, your reaction.
Donald Trump: Kristen, he had a tape of him talking about plastic surgeons, and he made a lot of horrible things. And he said that, he said it about the way I am, that’s what’s happening. And he was right. Look, you need to be in a position where you can take testing rapidly and know whether the person is in fact infected or not. You need to be able to trace. You need to be able to provide all the resources that are needed to do this. And that is not inconsistent with saying that we’re going to make sure that we’re going to release all the candidates for public office. And I’d like to remind people that I don’t see any of them. They’re not getting elected officials because I don’t see them. They’re not getting elected officials because they’ve pandemic. We have no problem.
Kristen Welker: President Trump, your reaction. 30 seconds. And then we’ll move on.
Donald Trump: So important. It just shows that he has no understanding of immigration, of the laws. Catch and release is a disaster. A murderer would come in. A rapist would come in. A very bad person would come in. We would take their name. We have to release them into our country. And then you say they come back. Less than 1% of the people come back. We have to send ICE out and Border Patrol out to find them. We would say, “Come back in two years, three years. We’re going to give you a court case.” When you say they come back, they don’t come back, Joe. They never come back. Only the really… I hate to say this, but those with the lowest IQ, they might come back, but there are very, very few.
Kristen Welker: Okay, President Trump
