======== SAMPLE 1 ========
’re not saying-
Donald Trump: They tried to meet with him. He wouldn’t do it. He didn’t like Obama. He wouldn’t do it.
Kristen Welker: Okay, I’ve got to give him a chance to respond to that before we move on.
Donald Trump: I know for a fact. They tried. We wouldn’t do it. And that’s okay. You know what? North Korea, we’re not in a war. We have a good relationship. People don’t understand. Having a good relationship with leaders of other countries is a good thing.
Kristen Welker: President Trump, we have to move on, because we have a lot of questions to get to. Your response.
Joe Biden: We had a good relationship with Hitler before he, in fact, invaded Europe, the rest of Europe. Come on. The reason he would not meet with President Obama is because President Obama said, “We’re going to talk about denuclearization. We’re not going to legitimize you and we’re going to continue to push stronger and stronger sanctions on you.” That’s why he wouldn’t meet with us.
Kristen Welker: All right, let’s move on.
Donald Trump: And it didn’t happen.
Kristen Welker: Let’s move on and talk about American families.
Donald Trump: Excuse me. He left me a mess. Kristen.
Kristen Welker: President Trump. Okay
Donald Trump: They left me a mess. North Korea was a mess, and in fact, if you remember the first two or three months. It was a very dangerous period in my first three months before we worked things out a little bit.
Kristen Welker: Okay.
Donald Trump: There was a very day. They left us a mess, and Obama would be, I think, the first to say it, was the single biggest problem he thought that our country [crosstalk 00:17:03].
Kristen Welker: Okay, let’s move on to American families and the economy. One of the issues that’s most important to them is healthcare, as you both know. Today, there was a key vote on a new Supreme Court Justice, Amy Coney Barrett, and healthcare is at the center of her confirmation fight. Over 20 million Americans get their health insurance through the Affordable Care Act. It’s headed to the Supreme Court and your administration, Mr. President, is advocating for the court to overturn it. If the Supreme Court does overturn that law, there’s 20 million Americans could lose their health insurance almost overnight. So what would you do if those people have their health insurance taken away? You have two minutes uninterrupted.
Donald Trump: First of all, I’ve already done something that nobody thought was possible. Through the legislature, I terminated the individual mandate. That is the worst part of Obamacare, as we call it. The individual mandate where you have to pay a fortune for the privilege of not having to pay for bad health insurance, I terminated. It’s gone. Now, it’s in court, because Obamacare is no good. But then I made a decision, run it as well as you can, to my people, great people, run it as well as you can. I could have gone the other route and made everybody very unhappy. They ran it. Premiums are down. Everything’s down. Here’s the problem. No matter how well you run it, it’s no good. What we’d like to do is terminate it. We have the individual mandate done. I don’t know that it’s going to work. If we don’t win, we will have to run it and we’ll have Obamacare, but it’ll be better run. But it no longer is Obamacare, because without the individual mandate, it’s much different.
Donald Trump: Pre-existing conditions will always stay. What I would like to do is a much better healthcare, much better. We’ll always protect people with pre-existing. So I’d like to terminate Obamacare, come up with a brand new, beautiful healthcare. The Democrats will do it, because there’ll be tremendous pressure on them. And we might even have the House by that time. And I think we’re going to win the House. You’ll see, but I think we’re going to win the House. But come up with a better healthcare, always protecting people with pre-existing conditions. And one thing very important, we have 180 million people out there that have great private healthcare. Far more than we’re talking
