======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 is not good for you. It’s a trap. You’re going in the next hole. In the middle of the political right right now. I understand that, and so does everyone else. So if you look at the polls, I think we should go in the polls first. Obviously, people are confused and mistaken about what is and is not legitimate political warfare. But I’m telling you it’s something. You have to understand, this is not a rhetorical question. I’m not going to answer it.
Chris Wallace: You have answered it in a way that’s appropriate. Let me ask my question.
President Donald J. Trump: Well, I’ll ask Joe. The reasons why I’ll ask Joe are:
1. Because it’s against the law.
2. Because it’s a radical change.
President Donald J. Trump: And you folks at home.
2. And cats.
President Donald J. Trump: I’ll give you both of them. Power plants.
Chris Wallace: Sir, I’m asking you a question. When the Trump administration seeks to require energy companies to update their carbon emissions or charge a company $20 an hour to do so. And when the Trump administration seeks to require all car companies to do so.
President Donald J. Trump: That’s not what they are asking you. That’s what your party is saying.
Vice President Joe Biden: That is not what your party is saying.
President Donald J. Trump: What your party is saying is that you have to do that by 2017. That’s 2050. That’s seven years away. If you look at Chicago, if you look at any place you want to look, there’s violence in response. People are being killed. People are being burned out because his refusal to do anything. That’s why he is. That’s why he is. And what we’re going to do as a party is call up our cops, we’re going to bring back the death penalty, we’re going to open them up more. So we have to do that. We have to do it after the election, because that’s when the vote is counted and not when it’s determined who the president is. And what we’re going to do as a party is call up our vets, we’re going to bring back the American people. Our schools are good. Our parks are beautiful. Our schools are good.
Chris Wallace: All right. All right. Let’s talk. We’ve got a lot to unpack here, gentlemen. We’ve got a lot of time. On healthcare, and then we’ll come back to Roe V. Wade.
Vice President Joe Biden: All right.
Chris Wallace: Mr. President, the Supreme Court will hear a case a week after the election in which the Trump Administration, along with 18 state Attorney Generals are seeking to overturn Obamacare, to end Obamacare.
President Donald J. Trump: That’s right.
Chris Wallace: You have spent the last week-
President Donald J. Trump: Because they want to give good healthcare.
Chris Wallace: If I may ask my question, sir.
Vice President Joe Biden: Good healthcare.
Chris Wallace: Over the last four years, you have promised to repeal and replace Obamacare, but you have never in these four years come up with a plan, a comprehensive plan, to replace Obamacare.
President Donald J. Trump: Yes, I have. Of course, I have. The individual mandate.
Chris Wallace: [crosstalk 00:11:26] when I finish I’m going to give an opportunity-
President Donald J. Trump: Excuse me. I got rid of the individual mandate, which was a big chunk of Obamacare.
Chris Wallace: That’s not a comprehensive place.
President Donald J. Trump: That is absolutely a big thing. That was the worst part of Obamacare.
Chris Wallace: I didn’t ask, sir.
President Donald J. Trump: Chris, that was the worst part of Obamacare.
Chris Wallace: You’re debating him not me. Let me ask my question.
President Donald J. Trump: Well, I’ll ask Joe. The individual mandate was the most unpopular aspect of Obamacare.
Chris Wallace: Mr. President.
President Donald J. Trump: I got rid of it. And we will protect people.
Chris Wallace: Mr. President, I’m the moderator of this debate and I would like you to let me ask my question and then you can answer.
President Donald J. Trump: Go ahead.
Chris Wallace: You, in the course of
