======== SAMPLE 1 ========
’t do it, that’s going to end by Easter” last time. This is the same fellow who told you that, “Don’t worry, we’re going to end this by the summer.” We’re about to go into a dark winter, a dark winter and he has no clear plan. And there’s no prospect that there’s going to be a vaccine available for the majority of the American people before the middle of next year.
Kristen Welker: President Trump, your reaction. He says, you have no plan.
Donald Trump: I don’t think we’re going to have a dark winter at all. We’re opening up our country. We’ve learned and studied and understand the disease, which we didn’t at the beginning. When I closed and banned China from coming in heavily infected and then ultimately Europe, but China was in January. Months later, he was saying I was xenophobic. I did it too soon. Now he’s saying, “Oh, I should have moved quicker,” but he didn’t move quicker. He was months behind me, many months behind me.
Donald Trump: And frankly, he ran the H1N1 swine flu and it was a total disaster. Far less lethal, but it was a total disaster. Had that had this kind of numbers, 700,000 people would be dead right now, but it was a far less lethal disease. Look, his own person who ran that for him, who, as you know, was his chief of staff said, “It was catastrophic. It was horrible. We didn’t know what we were doing.” Now he comes up and he tells us how to do this.
Donald Trump: Also, everything that he said about the way every single move that he said we should make, that’s what we’ve done. We’ve done all of it. But he was way behind us.
Kristen Welker: Vice President Biden, your response.
Joe Biden: My response is he is xenophobic, but not because he shutdown access from China. And he did it late after 40 countries had already done that. In addition to that, what he did, he made sure that we had 44 people that were in there in China trying to get the Wuhan to determine what exactly the source was. What did the president say in January? He said, ” No.” He said, “He’s being transparent. The president of China is being transparent. We owe him a debt of gratitude. We have to thank him.”
Joe Biden: And then what happened was we started talking about using the Defense Act to make sure we go out and get whatever is needed out there to protect people. And again, I go back to this. He had nothing, he did virtually nothing. And then he gets out of the hospital and he talks about, “Oh, don’t worry. It’s all going to be over soon.” Come on. There’s not another serious scientist in the world who thinks it’s going to be over soon.
Kristen Welker: President Trump, your reaction?
Joe Biden: I didn’t say over soon. I say we’re learning to live with it. We have no choice. We can’t lock ourselves up in a basement like Joe does. He has the ability to lock himself up. I don’t know. He’s obviously made a lot of money someplace, but he has this thing about living in a basement. People can’t do that. By the way I as the president couldn’t do that. I’d love to put myself in the basement or in a beautiful room in the White House and go away for a year and a half until it disappears. I can’t do that.
Joe Biden: And Kirsten, every meeting I had, every meeting I had and I’d meet a lot of families, including gold star families and military families. Every meeting I had and I had to meet them, I had to. It would be horrible to have canceled everything. I said, “This is dangerous and you catch it.” And I caught it. I learned a lot. I learned a lot. Great doctors, great hospitals. And now I recovered. 99.9 of young people recover. 99% of people recover. We have to recover-
Donald Trump: 99% of people recover. We have to recover. We can’t close up our nation. We have to open our school and we can’t close up our nation, or you’re not going to have a nation.
Kristen Welker: And,
