======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 Donald J. Trump,01:09:07,You are the worst president America has ever had. And I-
President Donald J. Trump,01:09:09,I want to continue with you on that.
Chris Wallace,01:09:10,Okay. In the segment, you go first.
President Donald J. Trump,01:09:11,There is no [crosstalk 01:09:11]-
Chris Wallace,01:09:14,Okay. In that segment, we’re going to talk about COVID. In that segment, we’re going to look at a lot of the things that we do that are good for the economy. We disrupt the business cycle. We make it easier for people to weatherize. We make it easier for people to clean. We’re able to spend billions of dollars now, on ships, on buildings. When you look at the people, we’re very proud of ourselves. We’re very proud of our students. We’re very proud of our employees. We teach good social control. We teach good medicine. We teach good management. And few people do better than our President.
Vice President Joe Biden,01:09:30,There are 200 million people with pre-existing conditions. If you built it backlot out of desert, the rainforests of Brazil, they had the slowest recovery. And now they’re becoming much more than they were a year ago. They have turned into the slowest economy in history. It turns into the lowest growth rate. It turns into the lowest standard of living for anybody. And you know it, and so does everybody else. And he knows it. He’s been making millions of dollars over the years at Audi and General Motors. His companies-
President Donald J. Trump: … now with their assembly lines out-
Vice President Joe Biden: That’s not true.
President Donald J. Trump: … where they want to take out the cows too.
Vice President Joe Biden: My cars are much safer because they don’t have exhaust gases. The car is much safer because you get less pollution from cars.
President Donald J. Trump: Car is much safer.
Vice President Joe Biden: And that’s a fact.
President Donald J. Trump: Cars are far safer because people are able to get out of their cars and they look like they have a job. They look like they’re doing very well. They’re doing very well. But they didn’t get the auto fix, so we’re going to get to get to the car.
Vice President Joe Biden: Now we’re getting to get to the car.
President Donald J. Trump: We got it done-
Vice President Joe Biden: … as you might know but probably don’t know, the car is a living thing.
President Donald J. Trump: Well, you’re certainly seeing cars built that are going to take off very soon.
Vice President Joe Biden: There is no-
President Donald J. Trump: By the end of the first term, you will have almost half the states in America with their history of… They’ll have the vaccine by the end of the first term.
Vice President Joe Biden: Will you shut up, man?
President Donald J. Trump: Listen, I’m going to make sure-
Vice President Joe Biden: By the end of the first term, you will have almost all the states in America with their history of being the dumping grounds for all manner of problems. From the military to drug abuse to pollution. You’ll see some of the worst it’s ever had. You’ll see some of the worst examples of racism in American.
Chris Wallace: All right, gentlemen, Mr. President.
President Donald J. Trump: You’ll have the vaccine very soon. You will have it sometime in the next four years. I want to focus, first of all, on the science. I want to thank you for participating in the debate. I want to thank you both for participating. As I said, I’m going to make sure that you both respond to the science of this issue. I hope that you will do so. In terms of the science of pregnancy, you say that it’s a little… It could be a lot worse, but it’s a little bit easier said than done. And in terms of the disease burden, you say that it’s a little bit of a… You can’t fix it, but you can fix the virus. And by the way, you can’t fix the environment, but you can fix the military. And by the way, you can fix the military. They’ve done nothing to help
