======== SAMPLE 1 ========
s this guy. What did he do? He’s on tape.
President Donald J. Trump: I sent in the US Marshalls to get the killer of a young man in the middle of the street and they shot him for three days Portland didn’t do anything. I sent in the US Marshals they took care of business.
Chris Wallace: Go ahead sir.
Vice President Joe Biden: And by the way his own former spokesperson said, “Riots and chaos and violence help he cause.” That’s what this is all about.
President Donald J. Trump: I don’t know who said that.
Vice President Joe Biden: I do.
President Donald J. Trump: Who?
Vice President Joe Biden: I think Kellyanne Conway.
President Donald J. Trump: I don’t think she said that.
Vice President Joe Biden: She said that.
President Donald J. Trump: I don’t think so.
Vice President Joe Biden: Here’s the point, the point is that that’s why he keeps trying to rile everything up. He doesn’t want to calm things down instead of going in and talking to people and saying, “Let’s get everybody together. Figure out how to deal with this.” What’s he do? He just pours gasoline in the fire constantly and every single solitary time.
Chris Wallace: Okay. And to end this, button up this segment I’m going to give you a minute to answer, sir. You have repeatedly criticized…
President Donald J. Trump: Does it mean I have to answer his stuff.
Chris Wallace: You have repeatedly…
President Donald J. Trump: Wait a second, you have made a statement.
Chris Wallace: You’ve been talking back and forth. I’m asking you.
President Donald J. Trump: I would love to end it.
Chris Wallace: You know sir if you want to switch seats we could very quickly can do that.
President Donald J. Trump: I’ll send in the National Guard, it would be over. That’d be no problem. But I don’t want to accept the National Guard.
Chris Wallace: You have repeatedly criticized the vice president for not specifically calling out Antifa and other left wing extremist groups. But are you willing tonight to condemn white supremacists and militia group and to say that they need to stand down and not add to the violence in a number of these cities as we saw in Kenosha and as we’ve seen in Portland.
President Donald J. Trump: Sure, I’m will to do that.
Chris Wallace: Are you prepared specifically to do it.
President Donald J. Trump: I would say almost everything I see is from the left wing not from the right wing.
Chris Wallace: But what are you saying?
President Donald J. Trump: I’m willing to do anything. I want to see peace.
Chris Wallace: Well, do it, sir.
Vice President Joe Biden: Say it, do it say it.
President Donald J. Trump: What do you want to call them? Give me a name, give me a name, go ahead who do you want me to condemn.
Chris Wallace: White supremacist and right-wing militia.
President Donald J. Trump: Proud Boys, stand back and stand by. But I’ll tell you what somebody’s got to do something about Antifa and the left because this is not a right wing problem this is a left wing.
Vice President Joe Biden: He’s own FBI Director said unlike white supremacist, Antifa is an idea not an organization-
President Donald J. Trump: Oh you got to be kidding me.
Vice President Joe Biden: … not a militia. That’s what his FBI Director said.
President Donald J. Trump: Well, then you know what, he’s wrong.
Chris Wallace: We’re done, sir. Moving onto the next… [crosstalk 00:42:46]
President Donald J. Trump: Antifa is bad.
Vice President Joe Biden: Every body in your administration tells you the true, it’s a bad idea. You have no idea about anything.
President Donald J. Trump: You know what, Antifa is a dangerous radical group.
Chris Wallace: All right, gentlemen we’re now moving onto the Trump-Biden record.
President Donald J. Trump: And you ought to be careful of them, they’ll over throw you.
Chris Wallace: I’m going to ask a question. When the president seeks a second term, it is generally a referendum on his record but vice president Biden, you’d
