======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 [President Donald Trump: No, it’s terrible. You and your family, not me, but that’s okay. I didn’t say that, I’m not surprised, that’s why].
Kristen Welker: Okay. Vice President Biden, let me continue with you on this.
Joe Biden: Good.
Kristen Welker: [crosstalk 00:04:06]… Let me talk about your healthcare, gentlemen.
Joe Biden: Let’s move on. My first question to both of you will die on this, and what’s your response to that existential threat? Many people say that our country, in fact, is a mess. We have not cleaned it up, or modernized it, or modernized Medicare. What’s you and your son done? The answer I get to my people is we’re still in a period of our history where we have to deal with systemic injustice, in America’s hospitals, for example, as well and as we’re likely to have to as many as 4 million black and Hispanic men and women in our military family, who have the audacity to say that they seek medical attention and ultimately die. What has you done to put this mess together?
Kristen Welker: The answer I got from both of my kids has been nothing short of incredible. And just yesterday, as we talked, look at the streets in Ferguson, Missouri. Just a 100 days of protests, which by the way is 30 days since the grand jury decided not to charge Darren Wilson with any crime, the grand jury decided not to charge Michael Brown. Just days after being pulled over for not turning left, even though he was moving his black and Hispanic son in his kitchen, and just a little while ago he had a 911 operator come across his car and say he was a distraction from the fact that he was moving his wife and kids. He said, “He’s moving his wife and kids…” He never said he was moving them. I promise we’re moving. It’s her black and Hispanic son moving into a new area. They love the area. It’s his Black and Hispanic son moving into a new area. They spoke to numerous people who were with him about everything that they could think about to deal with the moving of his family and into a new area.
Kristen Welker: Very quickly, gentlemen. I want to talk about healthcare fast. I want to talk about everything that you need to know about the new beginning, the new healthcare standards, and about what to do as healthcare providers. As a provider, and as a president you can’t do that. As a president you can’t do that. So why should Americans give you a say?
Donald Trump: Because I believe in government interfering with my business. It’s interference with my business, no matter how good or bad it makes me think. Nobody has done interference before, ever. Nobody, let me do it. I think I’ve broken the law. So far, I have a very good bank, very good bank. It’s all called CNI, as they say. They have a very good beat. They will speak freely about what they understand, what they expect and want, but they also have a very good bank.
Kristen Welker: What do you say to Americans who are concerned by social distancing and other forms of electric blankets?
Donald Trump: I say, “Don’t put us in cap on the world,” put us in cap on the world.” Do it. And let me just tell you, “This is going to end ballooning carbon emissions, eliminate none admission of greenhouse gases and make the trans-saltimate into the national plan.” By the way, $3.5 trillion over 10 years will be used to buy cars with these…
Kristen Welker: So don’t put us in cap on the world. Just make the trans-saltimate into the national plan, eliminate none admission of greenhouse gases and make the trans-saltimate into the law. And that will end fossil fuels. That’s it. That’s it. That’s all said and done. And then we’re going to move on to the next section.
Donald Trump: No, not at all. And that’s it, that’s it. That’s it. That’s it. That’s it. And then we’re going to move on to the next section.
Donald Trump: We just got the support of 25 countries. Europe, we have to respond quickly. We beat Hillary Clinton.
Kristen Welker: Okay, I want to get to three questions and then we do have a
