======== SAMPLE 1 ========
Kristen Welker: Why would I help him?
Joe Biden: Because what’s happening is incredible. I was able to get the teachers, the school teachers, the vice-printers, as well as the rest of the teachers and school students who have been out for months at a time, to come together in one place. We took 30 people, mostly young people, in airports, literally. We put nets in in States Florida, Michigan, and others, and they all decided to come together. People to the White House, all over the place. And literally it was a massive help. It was a massive help from the media. I will say this, help came from God. I will say this, help came from God. Because I think some people, especially young people, if they’re baptized, they may yet turn their parents wrong.
Kristen Welker: President Trump, your reaction to the first president to congratulate him on a plan to control greenhouse gases was initially … I had to say good.
Donald Trump: By the way, he did say, if you want to cut COVID, you can reduce emissions from the business as usual thing. But I maintained the exact same point that I laid out before and we should be applauding him on that, because he went out and made sure that we had everything that we were talking about, he who is the carbon emission control. And every time he goes out, he makes me more vulnerable. I mean, he was in a different environment, I don’t know. I was outfitted with new systems that allowed me to be able to take better control of my system so I could be able to control the system more safely. I was outfitted with a COVID-10 [crosstalk 00:07:11], so we can be able to, as a matter of policy, reassure the American people that the next time he comes along, we are in fact in control. We can be, as it turns out, much more confident that the scientists at the rate that we’re going, and the COVID-10 are going to continue.
Kristen Welker: Okay. I want to ask you both some questions about all of this, but…
Joe Biden: I have to respond to that.
Kristen Welker: I’m going to let you both respond very quickly. You just said you spoke to your accountant about potentially releasing your taxes, did he tell you when you can release them? Do you have a deadline for when you’re going to release them to the American people?
Donald Trump: As soon as the auditors finish. I get treated worse than the tea party got treated, because I have a lot of people in there-
Kristen Welker: [crosstalk 00:07:31].
Donald Trump: … deep down in the IRS, they treat me horribly. We made a deal, it was all settled until I decide to run for president. I get treated very badly by the IRS, very unfairly, but we had a deal all done. As soon as we’re completed with the deal, I want to release it, but I have paid millions and millions of dollars and it’s worse than paying. I paid in advance. It’s called prepaying your taxes. I paid [crosstalk 00:07:32].
Kristen Welker: Okay. I want to ask you both about questions regarding your potential foreign entanglements and questions that have been raised to give you both a chance to talk about this more broadly. Respond very quickly, and then I’ll get to my question.
Joe Biden: Why did he… he’s been saying this for four years, show us, just show us, stop playing around. You’ve been saying for four years you’re going to release your taxes.
Donald Trump: Everybody knows.
Joe Biden: Nobody knows, Mr. Trump. I know for a fact. Internal Revenue Service figures show something else.
Kristen Welker: Did he say, “I don’t know?”?”?
Donald Trump: I don’t know. He’s a very friendly guy, that’s for sure.
Kristen Welker: I’m going to let the auditors talk about this for a moment, and then I’m going to let them talk about this in a moment.
Donald Trump: So when I got elected, I decided I’m going to release my taxes, numbers, all the time. I decided to do that because it was so important. We owe him a debt of gratitude and we have to thank him, not because he was good, but because he was. He’s been totally transparent with us, every single step of the way. But he was the one that broke the
