======== SAMPLE 1 ========
ites and ensuring the company’s growth is rapid.As a key W2 Producer, you cover the following detailed duties:Recruitment of key finance and accounting contributorsAdoption of policies and procedures which impact the Company’s financial reportingDevelop and monitor the annual R&amp;D planAdsurely maintain the MarketInvoice CRM with the CEO (in conjunction with R&amp;D team)<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Title: QA Lead
-----
Description: We’re looking for a QA Engineer to help improve our existing complex QA process, and help us to execute on more test enhancements, scalability fixes and an overall easier -germshooting approach to the test infrastructure. You need to understand, scope and encompass the testing strategy's main components, and have a huge expertise in:- Testing QA automation tools (Selenium, ...), capacity and capacity planning/monitoringSpin out test harnesses (Squeak and ...) and validating the capabilities of each harness through usability and test coverageInnovate on Twitter or Facebook or directly with the Founders to share their thoughts and ideasBe a QA-active representative of the tech company during the Insurve leadership teamConcept briefs with the Founders and Owners of the BroadSignStrider platformManage and tune all diagnostics and monitoring, capacity, utilization, performance metrics and controlsPlan and execute global, Scaling and phased out architectureDriving iteration and quality engineering at the senior levelWe’ve built a QA engine which extracts test-driven efforts from our current handful of beta apps, places them into continuous maintenance and improvements which are shipped across all of our current beta apps. Own the entire suite of beta apps for a QA automation tool i.e. new APIs and APIs, more powerful and simple to use. Regards, RekanaPrepare to fly under the radar!We want someone who can jump in and drive results and virality within our app ecosystem. If you prove yourself we'll want to do that, we’ll push you to our QA-athon this summer.When will we get your application?We expect candidates to get their hands dirty and what time it isWe expect candidates to be excited about agile practices and the agile method of testingYour role:Work closely with the CEO and engineering team to evolve the core agile methodology and foster an environment of accountability and continuous improvement that will impact the product, services and competitive landscapeEnsure the product team has the most thorough and detailed knowledge of any current mobile situation the marketplaces use, and all the relevant agile precedents will be used to evaluate mobile market needsContribute highly relevant code to the codebase and code style throughout the entire development process (in the same way we!)Applies programming principles as if they were core values to the product development work and applies what we know to apply to every mobile experience of the market<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Title: .NET Developer
-----
Description:  Join an exciting, fast-paced, collaborative team as we continue to disrupt the industry with our game-changing performance marketing technology. Innovate with us!CAKE is a marketing technology company providing the leading SaaS enterprise platform for real-time marketing intelligence. Our mission is to address the challenges and opportunities in tracking and analyzing the massive amounts of clicks generated from mobile, affiliate, display, retail, lead generation campaigns and more.  Our executive team possesses decades of online marketing experience and a deep understanding of digital analytics across a breadth of industries, leading us to nearly 200% year-over-year growth the last two years. CAKE is focused on delighting our customers with innovative and elegant solutions, while keeping the marketplace honest and viable for advertising. Our platform is designed to delight users with a one-click, simple solution, while keeping the market honest.Our executive team is responsible for the automation of our main CAKE marketplace account management system. We’reamll create a vibrant, intelligent and powerful tool for the premium marketplaces and we’ll ensure that the functionality is of utmost importance to our team. We’ll calculate the lifetime value of current applications and services in milliseconds, calling the efficiency of today’s services based on a variety of factors. We have a product we’re proud to be a part of. Why wait for someone else? We are young and think a lot about the underlying motivation and strategic connection between developers and their clients - a team who provides them with a unique solution with a variety of interesting tradeoffs.At CAKE we believe the market is changing as we make a significant impact, and we are always looking for ways to improve the performance of our sites and campaigns. Our eye for detail and passion for detail is our speciality.What you will do:Consistently find interesting new functionality into which the rest of the business can dig.Cont
