======== SAMPLE 1 ========

Description: About the CompanyWe are ticketscript - the European market leader in digital self-ticketing. Whether it’s massive dance events, festivals, gigs, outdoor cinemas, fairs, theater shows, exhibitions, comedy nights, or award ceremonies - we do them all! We believe in empowering our customers. Their success is our success. So far over 50,000 events have worked with us - and this is only the beginning. We have offices in London, Amsterdam, Antwerp, Berlin and Barcelona and are rapidly expanding across Europe.The roleAs a talented web developers and our team Lead Front End Developer you will be a vital member of our dynamic international team, responsible for creating the websites that make people happy. We actively work to build brilliant websites - the list goes on.We are a young and ambitious company with off-year plans to take over Europe’s leading video conference platform. We are extremely important to us, so we strive to build websites that people fly on every daily basis. As our product is just as important to us as the languages it follows. We are already looking for a linguist/screenwriter with good knowledge of Web Technology to work on our website and our blog. The position requires a skilled team of developers, screenwriters, managers and web designers. There is potential to grow quickly within the company as our company culture develops each and every day.We are devoted to making it easier for teachers to find and fund their students. We are surely starting to find this out. In preparation for our upcoming exams we have some great ideas and some hidden gems that will make your brain love the web.About the JobYou will be responsible for the development and maintenance of our web application. It’s integrated server side development, testing, and deployment via BackboneJS. The team consists of 37 people including founders and their team members. You will be managing the marketing team, content strategy, web design, client management, network, and occasional external developers.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Title: Software Engineer
-----
Description:  Join TradeGecko as an Engineer. Gecko is a hosted service that allows businesses to deploy applications on GitHub, KinHub, Box, Yammer, and Yammer Marketplace. Engineers will build the next generation of enterprise tech.The right Gecko holds the right mix of skills and hands-on experience born from technical aptitude. You should have strong oral and written communication skills in English and Dutch. You do not. Gecko is a kind of hacker / troubleshooter who enjoys working with real software.The Gecko position combines problem solving and game changing the ability to reach decision makers.  While the Gecko team- responds to our enterprise requirements in a timely manner through  diligence and technology-driven innovation.Job DescriptionStartup Cyvo: Global solutions start-up Bluebridge is looking for a Web Engineer focused on launching a web portal at startup pace at the top local and national companies. We are a cross-disciplinary team that is formed to provide the solution customer service and grow Cyvo’s customer customer relationship management capability at the company site.  Our first step for moving forward with our application is to identify the company site’s appropriate candidate for the position.  The candidate needs to have front-of-house knowledge of the company site, its requirements, and geographical distribution throughout the site. Gecko team members act as mentors and business partners to the customer.  Once the customer has been identified, the team will ramp up and run a second interview until the customer has been identified, qualified, and launched again. This role will involve commuting to the company site in dedicated 28% of the time. The position requires a strong knowledge of the company’s business processes (Sales, Group Management, IT, Marketing and Sales Intelligence) and will need to also translate these processes into a well defined work plan that the team members can execute.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Title: Senior Systems Engineer - DevOps
-----
Description: The Senior Systems Engineer is highly experienced in architecting, developing, and monitoring Windows and Mobile Security infrastructure.  This will include experience required for end-user support and upgrade/configuration, complex operational monitoring and testing, and high level production support. The Senior Systems Engineer may also have additional skills that fall into the following three groups:Security resources, VMWare resources, and Data Center administrators. These resources fit in either a server / storage / office environment or are part of a larger IT infrastructure or IT security super team. The Senior Systems Engineer will be responsible for creating and maintaining a comprehensive and efficient backup that will support at least 2,000 TB of data annually.  This work supports a business critical level. The Senior Systems Engineer will be involved in monitoring and resolving issues on both a database and word-level level.  This includes working with BODS, replication, and database level issues in order
