======== SAMPLE 1 ========
starttext:<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Title: Account Manager/Sr.Manager
-----
Description: About the JobOur client is a world leader in their respective fields, and as Account Manager/Sr.Manager you would be responsible for managing some of the largest organizations and brands in the world.  The focus lies both in the execution of the work, as well as the personal life serving the company.  Account Manager/Sr.Manager should be able to operate a car rental service at lift truck peak hours, from Brabant, Blarney and Belgica.  The company operates Tullow and Harness service companies, and is serving the brands in Romania, Poland, Germany, Spain, Portugal, Sweden, and USA. About the challenges:The Account Manager/Sr.Manager will be directly responsible for operation of the Car rental service: planning, implementation, management.  The position is based within a 50 mile radius of Bucharest.Responsibilities:Manage the nationalisation of the company's national vehicle fleet - a task supported by measuring the operating efficiency and financial profitability.  Work with the company's stakeholders to intimately link together growth initiatives in Romania, international and local sectors and ensure consistent delivery against plan.Develop and manage relationships with key decision-makers and partners.  Take part in the implementation of marketing strategies and technical and communications projects.  Lead the organization and management of the sales process.  Underneath the brand goals and objectives was the creation of real strategy and product positioning, change management and technical and commercial documentation. These principles are ground-breaking and highly valuable in today's complex world of complex business.Responsibilities:Oversee all passenger transportation at the board levelEnsure an efficient sales strategy within the company and with the customer.Develop company objectives and actions plan, and implement them in activities, which support the achievement of company objectives and company goals.Spearhead a nationwide sales program, reporting to the CEO.Cultivate best-in-class customer service.Manage the communications with current customers.Develop and maintain operational policies and procedures.Serve as primary liaison between the CEO and the customer.Support the management to identify internal targets and goals.Actively cooperate with key customers to identify service needs and assess the market landscape.Mentor members of the sales team.Identify emerging market leaders.Develop and maintain accounts.Mentor members of the Executive Team.This is a dynamic role partnering with the support teams to ensure effective and aligned service strategies are administered. <|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Title: Operations Specialist
-----
Description: THE OPPORTUNITYEEEAM Life Sciences, LLC is a full-service hospital services providerdesigns and builds hospital facilities and hospitals. The position offers full-time and part-time employment opportunities in part-time and full-time hours for the right candidate.This role is for Operations Specialist with operations on site in Miami. Essential Duties and Responsibilities Performs an emergency Response to patient needs, including searching patient care folders, analyzing patient data for key indicators of patient satisfaction, health needs, and safety, and creating/publishing reports.Coordinates internal, external, hospital and domestic support for operations.Documents all incident workflows, including with VFD’s and to ensure that the standard operating procedures for implementing VFD’s are adhered to.Responds to patient and facility email, web analytics, patient travel vouchers, hospital and domestic gift card usage as neededMaintains inventory logs within shifts and performs physical inventory and returns.Assess and evaluate patients' medical and/or personal issues pertaining to the department.Provide positive patient education/information, and escalate any concerns when deemed necessary. Maintain positive patient communication and orientation, and work collaboratively with other employees and department directors.Evaluate department needs and position options. Make medical and/or cleaning recommendations as defined and stated by the Nurse Manager. Work with patient and facility medical staff to facilitate any requests for information patients require including, but not limited to: Email, telephone, in-office, phone, and related communications. Provide ongoing professional development within the department and utilize this office to help promote departmental standards of care.Conduct in-office clinics, and occasionally develop new initiatives. Other duties and projects as assigned. ABOUT THE COMPANYLupis is a newly refurbished executive suite on the 3rd floor of Warner Brothers Manhattan.  It sits across the street from Warner Brothers Healthcare and Business, 2 blocks from Times- Library, and is offered by the city on a highly desirable building for those who desire to move into a dynamic entrepreneurial environment.   Executive Assistant, filing space, light snacks, and of course coffee. #URL_6c932b6726806f586b2d5a34a78c0098d74b
