======== SAMPLE 1 ========
ing to our design team with detailed design documentation<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Title: Senior Web Developer
-----
Description: "Ookla, a Korea-based startup ""Big Soccer" is hiring ""Hands on"" developers to complement its growing client base and assist in its marketing efforts.Ookla is a gaming technology company that offers products and services to end-users. Our priority is creating an experience that the market will love. We provide the opportunity to create games and popular videos, with a goal of hitting high traffic millions of dollars.Our software is used in the games we help customers support includeCall of Duty: MW3, Battlefield, Call of Duty: MW4, Call of Duty: The Walking Dead, Pokemon, DICE, Tekcrit, Battlefield, Resident Advisor, Residentbros, Splinter and many others.Why you should apply We're a small, fun, successful company with a fantastic board member and a very promising technology company to join the team. You'll be joining a production team and be working on the software core that is built around the GamePad/cellular communications with live data integration. The team is very focused on helping popular games be great and has a great workplace environment.What you will be doing We're very specific about requirements definition and we give everything we can to demonstrate it. We basically tell the story of how we can get the product to the market with a focus on what’s most important to our customers. We do everything in our power to make sure customers of different vendors get the most out of our products.Our Product We're dedicated to shipping the most amazing games as much as possible to ensure they never get shipped. Gaming is complicated and not something that a programmer should be doing. We're very specific about how we deploy applications and systems and how we handle the end-users of our solutions. We provide all the hardware, and the software, services, and support we can think of. We're on to you.We want to work with a great team of people, and we're looking for people who are good people who want to have fun together, are passionate about the product, and have a knack for the ins and outs of dev-ops. If you want the chance to be part of the next big thing, come help us build things.What you can expect from us If you can bring 20% of your commission to the business, and in return we can offer you entry-level work in a new market (we're not a typical Dev-Ops company...), we want you to bring 20% of your commission in return. What we're after is an experienced Linux Dev behind a C#/C++ mind, that is comfortable working with agile practices, and is comfortable presenting on a regular basis. You'll be joining a small team of fun, savvy developers, and be challenged to constantly discover new ways to improve the quality, scalability, and extensibility of our products. The Product You're Interested in playing a big part in the launch of our new gameSubway is growing significantly, and we want your help to take this positive change. What you'll get from us:A commission-driven, high performing product that delivers beyond the bang for the buckWe're open to remote work too you'll just have to get your paws on itYou'll have your own startup and stuff, and be a part of the business you wish you had instead...It's the most fun environment you could be a part ofIt's a great office atmosphereThe city is awesome you're getting olderNot many people have a job interview outside of New YorkA little something about your job makes you want to drop dead gorgeous.Let us know why you should apply if you doPLA and we'll reach out to you to see if we should do a interview. This is the most exciting opportunity, if you already have work experience outside of this role, and would like to see it all go away.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Title: IT- Auditor
-----
Description: The IT Audit Consultant is responsible for implementation, upkeep and troubleshooting of all internal IT-related processes.  Responsible for documenting findings in accordance with agency corporate policies and procedures, to ensure compliance with corporate policies and procedures and applicable local regulations.  Interact with internal audit resources as required.Provide technical support to internal audit procedures and tools including PowerAway software and various audit tools and data management solutions including GlobalSecurity and Identity Management suites.Execution &amp; DeliveryManagement of IT internal and external issues.Contribute to the company’s strategic programs including policies, procedures and programs aimed at optimizing the internal operations, operational characteristics, and capital-market capabilities.Review all IT policies and procedures covering the delivery of IT to internal customers or external entities.Management of global infrastructure and infrastructure-related projects, including the interrelationship of policies, procedures and projects to the operation.Organization of internal servers and
