======== SAMPLE 1 ========
USTES USING THE RIGHT INTERACTIONS TO HELP OUT OUR CAREERSHARING ON AND OFF at KARACHI TECH NETWORK from the beginning. The opportunity is endless. This position is perfect with the ideal client.  We are looking to recruit a skilled human resources professional.  Please submit resume/video to #EMAIL_8bac8b4d4e4b8dea8d9c22d08734a1a44f09f3d14d9a22c4c7a868a7b9#.  WE WANT YOU  We are located all over the country.   Please contact us if you are interested in joining us in your local city or state or area. We have a growing group in our Midtown area.  If you are, this is your one shot.We are a start-up company that was founded in 2007.  Since it opened nine years ago, Karbon has grown to 50 locations.  Our founders have been very successful and our businesses nationwide.  Our success is just getting bigger.The Business Position       We are a growing, award-winning startup.  We take great care of our employees and are dedicated to our cause.  Our culture is very simple.We provide career growth, coaching, and counseling.  We like our employees to be team players.  We challenge them to improve their working practices and to seek opportunities of employment.We are looking for individuals with a strong customer support mentality. Our goal is to build a thriving, multi-disciplined tech community.  We are looking for people who are interested in starting a successful career and grow alongside itOur SystemWe are looking for an individual with a basic knowledge of IT.Our system is very straightforward.We look for new business to help fund our health program.  We can provide $100,000 to $150,000.  We are looking for strong leaders who can get new customers onboard.We provide a health education program to supplement our existing team and to ensure our employees have the most appropriate professional development and training to provide for them.We have a wide variety of medical and non-medical positions available.  We offer the opportunity we might take an intern.  What we would have to be paid would be:Average hourly wage ($15-$20/hr) $15-$20/hour.  Paid if available an intern.The hours we offer are in     working.  If you are a good candidate, we can contact you shortly thereafter.We do the following to qualify each applicant. We have a.M.P.L.E (paid with salary and still benefits).A.Dental, Vision &amp; Life Insurance.B.A.Dental, Vision &amp; Life Insurance.The hours our team is located.We will also consider applicants from our professional network. The following are obvious.                                                                                             We can't find you here.                      (This is the job title of one of our affiliates if your real name is not on this list.  This is also the job title of some affiliates if your real name is not on this list)We are not a bank.                   We have a great atmosphere.                                                                                     We work hard, but we also take care of our customers.                                                                    <|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>Title: Account Manager
-----
Description: About Expro:Salesforce.com technology company is the world's leading application of state-of-the-art data management and tracking systems. It enhances real-time, actionable business intelligence and business intelligence-related systems. Its award-winning mobile and tablet applications allow business owners to measure their interaction flows.We’re the UK’s leading application of state-of-the-art predictive analytics platform built and managed for home and business customers by the company’s experienced and market-leading service. Founded in 1989, we’re growing fast and were looking for bright, hard-working people to join our fun yet friendly team.  Role: Account Manager- Lead a marketing strategy team, lead digital development, develop new strategies and products.  Responsible for the business development and marketing of the mobile and tablet applications. You will develop the sales force and client base through:Manage the sales cycle; including
