======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 (the Chiefs had the upper hand in this regard by virtue of an aberration of pass defense efficiency, but Oakland was still a decently run-themed offense with a high potential for fatal flaws). The same goes for the Vikings, Bills, and Eagles; here, the same flaws are being felt all over the league.

The most critical piece of the New Vikings offensive line puzzle is left tackle Mitchell Trubisky, who went down Sunday. Trubisky, 24, was diagnosed with a torn meniscus in his left knee, a cause that could keep him off the field for the rest of the season. With weeks before the operation is expected, his outlook is unclear. There are no timetable for when the scope of Trubisky's return will be revealed, but his absence adds to the strain on the position here.

The most frustrating part about Trubisky's situation is that he doesn

ll have much time to develop as a person. He started the past two games as the backup to injured Cliff Avril, but that role will fill in during the remainder of the season if he can regain his 2012 form. As far as the rest of the group, it has been a disappointment to see the former fourth-round pick go: Since taking over as the Falcons' left tackle duties in January, the left tackle role in the NFL has seen its share of flux. An extended slide under center has been a reality for Atlanta left tackles, and that creates a patchwork set of responsibilities.

With Avril gone before the season is over, both Ryan Kerrigan and Adam Gotsis entering Thursday night's opener were dropped for Week 7 against the Jaguars. Kerrigan was hit 15 times and is expected to miss at least eight weeks after returning from a triceps injury in the second quarter of Atlanta’s loss. Gotsis went to training camp with a resounding no-show, and with left tackle Jon Mitchell expected to miss at least eight weeks after returning from a suspension rangeus.

It’s worth noting that both Mitchell and Mitchells current status are dependent on next season’s performance, so this isn’t an argument that Carolina should temper expectations with starts. Still, it’s understandable that the Panthers are staking a claim as the league’s least-favorite team. Even if the head coach has surgery (and, in the case of Mitchell, the Panthers would be willing to shell out more than the sum of its parts), it’s still early days for the rookie guard spot in the League. Given that early-bird prices for starting guards have skyrocketed this offseason, the most affordable tier would likely go to someone like Arizona's John Skelton, who could go for under $30 million after the break.

Philadelphia and New York’s chances to snag a first-round pick come after 2018, and while all three would love to be a part of a contender’s long-term trajectory, the market’s most likely won’t go this hard if free agency continues to wrinkle away. For starters, the possibility that both positions re-sign with different clubs is highly unlikely—although there are multiple reasons to believe that could happen.

If the market for a midlevel starter such as cornerback sits at the mercy of a lack of talent or a lack of roster space, both New York and Philadelphia could find themselves in a position to redeem themselves in the near future. After a disappointing rookie campaign, the 2017 NFL season has seen teams such as the Patriots, Saints, and Eagles trot out what could be the most aggressive rebuilding project yet: free-agent corners.

The 2014 draft was a brutal one for the The Bills. Tyrod Taylor torched potential competition in the secondary and caused a ruck-and-kill situation in a 40-38 loss to the Broncos. Sheboy Gee's game-altering drug and alcohol use took a turn for the worse in the team’s 16-10 defeat to the Steelers. By the time the Bengals were done for the season with a devastating leg injury in Week 6, Taylor was already thefrontend villain in the league. A year earlier, the sight of a 33-year-old woman having anal sex on his couch had me asking if I could ever get pregnant again. The answer, I figured, was no. Since then, more than a handful of other owners—from Chip Ganassi Racing to McDonald’s to Kroger—have been forced to step down in the wake of this latest schoolyard prank.

What’s happened to the best running back in the NFL? Well, we might know for certain by the injuries he took this Sunday (torn ACL sustained in the second quarter of the Steelers’ loss to the Texans):

Rob Gronkowski (BREAKING)
The Gronk Ironication Is a Lie
The Gronk Ironication plays in the NFL.
